App Name: Chess Lite
Review: 

App Name: Wakelock Detector [LITE]
Review: My.phone is rooted. This app doesn't detect it and won't even generate a root access request. Magisk doesn't recognize it as a root enable app or that it ever asked for root. The app just sits there on the opening screen telling me jow to work around not being rooted. The Mode setting says it's a system app and has root, but the core program doesn't seem to know it.

People are crying and complaining this doesn't work on new android.. the last update was released in 2017. For crying out loud people just use your eyes and logic for 2 seconds to see the information about the app and that the new OS are different from older versions of android. To an extent that even UI elements are incompatible between 10+ and older versions.

A great app! Now I know which apps have been sucking my battery xD I'm using this tool on Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus. My only notice: activate access for the app to battery statistics not using Chrome extension (this way is too clumsy), but via adb, using the command:  "adb shell pm grant com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector.noroot android.permission.BATTERY_STATS"  P.S. All the negative reviews are from stupid people who cannot set the app properly.



App Name: GeoPosition Lite
Review: does what it says. fast and easy. no meirda. needs an updated look but that is details.

Very very good

This is a great app for plotting points. That is why I downloaded this app. The search feature, for UTM, is a no go. I will type in a 10N 10 digit, and I will end up in 17N, 15N, ect. Otherwise a great app for what I needed.



App Name: My Boy! Lite
Review: Works well for what it is. Functional and everything, but there are some catches. For instance, this version only permits you to have a single save/load state, and requires you to watch an ad if you'd like to load the save state. Only allows 2X Fast Forward in this version, but allows up to 16X in the paid version, which I personally find redundant. The ad requirement to load a save state is also sort of redundant, seeing as it already has the single save slot as a drawback to using the free one

I love this emulator so much, except for one minor detail. During the games, the buttons seem to be slightly delayed, which makes it impossible for me to play any Mario, Zelda, Sonic, any action, fast-paced games. I don't know if it's a problem with the app or my phone, but the app is fantastic regardless, especially for being free!

Good app, runs smoothly and good audio quality. Ads run to load save states which is fine most of the time. If they can't load any ads it just wont let you in to your save, which I get, but I've been trying to get to my save right before a boss in metroid fusion for the last 20 min and it wont let me. I just dont want to take the long walk back to that spider guy. Over all good app. Just wish it could load the ads more consistantly.



App Name: Notify4App Lite Notifications
Review: I love this app. I have it configured so I can hear my text messages, app and email notifications as they come in. It allows me to stay in touch with my contacts without having to be looking at my cell phone screen. I'm able to multitask much more.

Had it on for a monthjust for whatsapp and I never know when it is on, I just want to use it when in headphone but not seem to enable itself automatically. really not user friendly! Will seek better alternative.

Good app, does everything I need except when I get a call, i can't turn off the "call in progress" announcement that keeps continuing all through the call. Could someone please tell me how to turn this off when I answer the phone.



App Name: Tweecha Lite for Twitter
Review: The app could really be an overall reliable Twitter alternative, but where is the DM/Private messaging function? I look all through the app and it is no where. That's a true deal breaker with me. Even though this is a 'lite' version, it shouldn't be without the basics and that includes private messaging. I would keep this if that was the case. Until then, I'm uninstalling.

after long while unable to use tweecha, i finally got tweecha installed on my phone again ^_^v i forgot when i first got it installed on my phone, but i personally love it since it was still on original version (not in lite version). not too much eating battery, phone memory, ram, even for old phone. the dev team has been supportive & friendly. thank you so much for bringing tweecha back.

This really absurd of makin decision. Dont u know I cant even dm's someone. This is important to me to send a private message. Since the last updates everything gone wrong. I have been using this app since 2012 n everything's good. But now, its perfectly bad to me, its not workin anymore. Literally due to an error lately I was goin to decide. Im not gonna using it anymore. This isnt useful. So sorry.



App Name: Light Meter - Lite
Review: Let it be known, I am not a good photographer. But with this app I have one less excuse for being a bad photographer! I highly advise purchasing the app for the full features offered. The reciprocity failure section and being able to save gear for quick reference is invaluable. The app is very accurate (at least on my phone) and costs less than 1/10 of a light meter.

I love it. Very helpful for using old cameras that have no meter to start with, have a dead meter , or who's meter you just don't trust due to age. The app offers lots of helpful features however one issue I sometimes have is responsiveness. I'll change something and the numbers take half a minute to change . Another issue is that the app is easily thrown off by the sky , but plenty of meters have that issue so it's not a major concern.

Under sensor preferences you set the app to read max value which turns it into a flash meter. A quick test revealed the app has good accuracy. The app also has an adjustment so you can calibrate it which I intend to do later. My phone has to be in legacy mode which slows spot metering. Also the app is locked on aperture priority (set aperture and iso and the app tells you shutter speed). The app is very good but the app could use shutter and iso priority. I lost my professional light meter to a flood but intend to replace it with this app.



App Name: NE-Lite
Review: 

App Name: Justdial Lite
Review: Just dial has helped people in numerous ways for the past years and now with the lite app I am happier than before as it offers so much and does not take up any space at all on your phone. Unlike other apps, this is hassle free and easy to use. It's social feature is really good as you always know what is trending and also read different articles. They have done an amazing job by introducing this. I would highly recommend everyone to download this app and see how much convenience it brings.

I have used this app only a few times but their services are actually quite good. Convenience is one of the biggest advantages of this app. There was a time I was looking for someone to get my fridge repaired and for some reason no one from the main service center was able to come. I kept asking people for references of good service technicians but either they didn't turn up or quoted a price that was too high. An ad of Jd's was shown in theater and that's when it struck me that maybe I could find a technician through the app. And I did, really quickly and he didn't even charge me a ridiculous fee.

still they have not improved. same old just dial with lot of issues. I was contacted to upgrade my listing. but the contract given and contract explained are completely different. I have sent an email asking for resolution, but no one contacts us yet. I think the Customer Care team is the worst team in the world. you may need to end up speaking to 10 executives and every time call is transferred you need explain from the beginning.



App Name: SHAREit Lite - Fast File Share
Review: UPDATE: The app also optimizes the battery, remove junk files and improve speed. I won't use them because I don't know how they work. I wish I could turn them off. When I can, back to 5 stars. Absolutely the easiest & best file transfer app I tried. It was extremely easy and fast. I used it to transfer files from an Android 10 to Android 12 phone. It even helped me install apps from my old phone to new one when the app didn't show in Google Play on my Android 12 phone. Try it, you'll like it!

The application is very good and working well, but there is need to make it better by adding "Select all" option while chosing files to transfer, but selecting one after the other is very stressful when you have up to 5000 or more documents to select, only photos and videos have option of selecting in batches.

after downloading the app i opened it from play Store,the app couldn't work the way it was supposed to meaning it wasn't able to find any available devices. I closed it, clear my recents and opened it again.. that's when it started working perfectly without crashing... it's the best,fast and let's you to receive while sending at the same time.... 😔BUT THE ADS ARE DISSAPOINTING THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T GIVE IT FIVE STARS BUT 4



App Name: TrueFish Lite
Review: enjoyable game. can you guys add more to the light version...for some reason I can't get the full version to download. I have tried on 3 different phones? Wondered if it was a bug with my phone at first but I think that can be ruled out.

keep catching same fish all the time gets boring needs more species

Dude if ur alive or not u have to hear me the only mistake ur making is the reel button instead of the reel button add a speening reel button where we can spin it to catch a fish plz hear me out if ur alive



App Name: Colouring Book for Kids Lite
Review: My kids are very enjoy!!! They get for fun, and also they get more lessons about color!!!

A good game for children who are learning eye/hand coordination and colors.

my kids just love it. now more interested for arts



App Name: tTorrent Lite - Torrent Client
Review: The only thing about this app that works reliably is the constant adds. They even pop up when I'm in the middle of prioritizing files. Everything else crashes, hangs, doesn't respond, freezes, etc. Really doesn't make me want to pay anything for the pro version. The great reviews here are from employees and shareholders of ttorrent.

I will address a couple complaints I see a lot here. Video quality, and too many leachers making downloads slow. Neither of these issues have anything to do with this app. This app only downloads files from torrent sites, it does not create, store, or monitor them in any way. As far as the ads go, it is a pain, but you can home button, open active apps (simple single button push) and kill the ad. Takes 3 seconds to be back in the app and no ad.

I absolutely love this app. After having tried both uTorrent and BitTorrent, this one is clearly superior. It's very fast, customizable, and the ads are non-intrusive. My favorite part is that it has a shutdown button in the notification shade so you don't have to "force stop" the app to make it close. The UI is very user-friendly and everything just works. No headaches!



App Name: Tongits Lite
Review: This game sucks! I played for couple of months. The game later didn't allowed me to challenge although I put down a complete set and have another two set of secret then I lost the game saying my card burned! This happen also with your updated version then I installed. I lost my interest to play your game because No way for me to win even my remaining card count is only one!

Just 4 star, I'll give it 5 star if you can upgrade it into more interesting game like playing with real people, and please add some features where the player can interact /chat with each other while playing the game. The names of the players is all the same please do something about it. Thank you.

Quite a great experience for me to share app on Bluetooth, and I like it was a great experience for me to share app on Bluetooth, and I like it was a great experience for the government of Canada has a lot more to get a chance for you and willing, but the government is to get it but it but it will take time and the same experience as I can see yo tomorrow night at work today so we have been able too. Pasa the government is not ion Irish i was just wondering how to get to be able to do it but I'm



App Name: Book Lite
Review: 

App Name: Flashlight Lite
Review: Flashlight Lite is the better choice, it use to help me a lot

Light weight and robust

Flashlight lite is a better app that helps me a lot



App Name: My Child Lebensborn LITE
Review: Cute game with a dark setting. I loved every minute I played, even if I had to reboot the game a lot - something I am NOT docking the game for. To explain it briefly, my game crashed whenever I played for more than a day (in game). After this, I had to fully close the game and restart whatever progress (if any) I had on the next day. All of this - in my opinion - is attributed to my phone being out of date. My heart goes out to those who suffered like little Klaus/Karin. I wish y'all happiness.❤

I didn't purchase the whole game, but even then it struck me as such a raw experience. The dialogue is great and the choices feel extremely realistic. Sometimes, as a parent, you have to make hard choices that can hurt your child's trust. For that child to also be born in such a turbulent time and subjected to the hate that brings? It's heartbreaking and the game, even in just the small bit I played, covers that well.

This game breaks my heart. I haven't finished it yet, but its so sad, yet amazing! There is one error with the photos. Any names in the photo gallery say Klaus, even though I picked Karin. It doesn't interfere with the gameplay, though, so it's fine. It was a really low price despite how great the game is. For those who don't know, most of the money you spend on this goes to a charity. Very little goes to the developers, unlike most games. 10/10, would recommend!



App Name: Geometry Dash Lite
Review: This game was fun. Overall, but it started acting glitchy if that's even a word, but every time I try to jump over like 2 spikes, it always runs slow, and when I jump, I check my wifi and everything was fine but this one time I was playing and I near the end, when I pressed the screen only one time. It made me jump twice for no reason, I tried this multiple times, and it worked, but sometimes it would make me jump twice, but if those bugs were fixed, I would enjoy it more, but its still fun!

I love the music and levels! My favorite level is called Jumper. If your a fan of upbeat and mostly fast music or a fan of platform games, I highly recommend getting this. The only problem is one: the ads, but there aren't any, and two: the limited options. After a while it gets boring. I eventually stopped playing this until the new update, which had some new levels, but now I'm bored of that. Pls add more music and challenging levels

Awesome game! I love all the music and the rhythm-based platformer gameplay, and it provides levels that start easy but get more challenging as you progress! The ads are a problem though. That's why I'm rating it 4 stars instead of five. Why do you have to have ads in the free version but not the paid version?! And why do you have to pay for the full version that has levels that can be put into the free version?? And why is the paid version so expensive, only to get things you can get for FREE?



App Name: Internet speed test, wifi test
Review: Is extremely optimized compared to others I tried. I got the app because I wanted to know how slow my provider made my "unlimited" LTE plan... went down to .10mbps... 100 kilobytes a second... I was extremely upset and unable to use other speed tests because of the slow speed. This app is very simple and worked fine on the crippled LTE connection. There are ads after the test but not videos from what I can tell so isnt bad in that regard imo. Overall, plan to use this as a go to from now on :)

The good: Works fairly well in providing an easy to understand speed test. The Bad: The app then takes away the good and makes not using the app or uninstalling it a necessity. BECAUSE: After the test an ad may jump down your throat with LOUD audio blasting in your face that is designed to wake up the dead! RESULT? Disincentive to use and need to uninstall.

I didn't understand it but I just was going off of what the wifi numbers was. I don't know what any of the numbers mean so it was operator stupidity lol but good app ill reinstall when I learn what the numbers mean. I wish they did have a setting where it showed " terrible, super slow, slow, normal , good, very good , fast , very fast, excellent " on a meter and/or a speed test for dummies ( for me I'm the dummy *VERY USEFUL* ) , OR a on screen video player that shows wifi play speeds



App Name: CarX Drift Racing Lite
Review: It's a great game, and I've played it before,and I chose to download it back,can you guys also make improvements in it to make this car x game be more realistic as a game that will not take allot of megabits and is still wonderful to play.. Can you give the option to turn all lights on,on the vehicles, and for weather changes, races with friends, customizations,etc!!

Well...aight. Lemme put it like this,.. The game is uhh...a little confusing honestly. I've seen the reviews, trust me i fell in love with the game and havent even downloaded it💔but then, the game is good, the developers lived up to the real engine sound part, but the controls..damn. The cars can be sometimes hard to control.. But anyway! Thumbs up💖i love the quality and everything. Wouldnt really say i recommend it thou...

This must be the most realistic drifting game I ever played. I mean this game is tottaly awesome and the drift is like real life drifting. The physics are good and the graphics are also great. This is great than other drift games and I play this everytime. Although it does not have any type of customisation and there are only a few cars but it is still great.



App Name: Big Sport Fishing 3D Lite
Review: just another money grab. the game starts out pretty fun actually, but you'll quickly advance past the point where you can realistically earn enough cash or gold tokens to advance without spending RL money on it. the game is rigged. sucks this is what mobile games have evolved to. it's all bs. dont waste your time or money.

This game is one my favourites it gives nostalgia i had this weird tab of mine and i downloaded this years ago i really loved the fishing in it i was really smol then and then i loved sharks soo much everytime i fished out one i would be like"mom! Ifished a shark!!!" And after years and years of searching the app i found it now atlast now i can play this sweet game! :)

Awesome fishing game. Played before but lost over several phones. Glad to find it again. Hope to find the others created by these designers.



App Name: Galaxy VPN Lite: Private Net
Review: few time can connected,no stable,autodisconnected,just 1time can connected in 10time try.like to scan your cellpone file sothat make your phone heater than normal.now always crush no work.

Doesn't tell you much of what it does or is doing. Easy going app, just cuts out of connection sometimes. Overall, the apps fine. I think they should have a thing where it scans the vpn or whatever to tell us if it's cleared anything that may have tried to come in etc.

i used it and loved it but after using for a month or two, I can't connect anymore.same goes for the other version which is not the lite version. both in my android and iOS. I face the same problem. i was depending on it but it failed me.



App Name: GPS Arrow Navigator LITE
Review: Very 🆒️ GPS app 🤓😺👍👉📲 🔝 Simple, reliable, free. No-frills is why I use it. Plenty of other feature filled spywa... uh, navigation apps if ya need bells and whistles. This one is great for remote places, keeping track of maple bar vendor locations you find in a mall, etc. Impressed that the dev has been maintaining this for a really long time, in spite of being free with little to no ads. 2 bucks to support him and get a few goodies like maps is a swell deal. I'm going Pro!

They asking about Gps Arrow. N I SAID THE BEST NOT ONLY 5 ITS DESERVE MORE REALY DESERVE MORE WHY SAYING THAT IT WITH WITH IN TOUGH SITUATIONS I EXPERIENCED IT MAZING AND EASY TO USE .REALLY ADVICE YOU DONT GO OUTSIDE WITH OUT INSTALL IT IN YOUR DEVICE. THANK YOU GPS.ARROW NAVIGATOR LITE..

GPS Arrow Navigation is a simple and strong app for using ILike it. In my opinion, it seems to be the best GPS Navigation



App Name: Kids Kindergarten Math Lite
Review: My grandson likes it and enjoys repeating it over and over

My 4 year old went thru the app in 1 day. It's a great app for learning and doing addition/subtraction but please add more. Thanks!

I purchased this game but only opened 2 continents..?? Please fix this.



App Name: voice navigator "IGH" LITE
Review: Works fine, but l can't find an option to switch off the voice. Let me know if its possible and how to do it.

Very good for kayaking. Never miss a takeout point, while phone can stay in drybag and operates hands-free.

Моя основная программа, которая помогает выйти из леса после сбора грибов и ягод. Вот бы ещё вмонтировать в главный интерфейс компас с азимутом, чтобы она и направление ещё показывала сразу. Потому что с прямохождением в лесу бывают проблемы(валежник, чащи, и.тд.) Поэтому использую её с аналоговым компасом. Это одно, а второе пожелание такое: этой программе не хватает кроме компаса ещё и спутниковой офлайн карты от Гугл, например. Для грибника важно видеть и тип леса тоже. Спасибо за программу.



App Name: Lite Music
Review: 

App Name: Secure VPN Proxy Master Lite
Review: Hey guys, that is actually an awsome app;the ads thing which is not bothering at all is highly appreciated. However, there is one tiny issue, if I switch between WiFi and 4g and vice-versa, the app will disconnect by itself; sometimes it takes time to reconnect, and sometimes the app will close the vpn service; the key logo in the notification disappears. Appreciate if you can fix this and I will give 5 stars.

No kidding. This app is absolutely FREE, it's not a trial. Got a video ad that is SKIPPABLE after you connected to a server but hey it's the least that I can do to support the developer right? My internet connection is still as fast as it is when I use it. Really recommend it. Of course if you want some other country server, you need to go premium. I like it. It's only a few mb and the security? You got nothing to fear. Try it yourself!

Lite & quick. I'd have rated it 5★ but it doesn't remember the the last location I used. Everytime it goes back to select the optimal location by default. Plus, it'd be the best if you could add landscape mode for tabs. I use an Android 4 tab via OTG control in landscape mode & it goes portrait when I open this app & becomes hard to move the pointer around the app.



App Name: Hackuna Lite
Review: App keeps crashing when opening It says close app try again , I've uninstalled but still wont work ! Issues with both hackuna apps ! Pity really was a good app !

Very helpful to stay away from hackers and also it requires a little bit of memory that's why it's easy and convinient for us.

It needs to be more updated but overall good.



App Name: Mini Piano Lite
Review: Very simple yet very useful. If I ever want to transpose a song, I can always use this to see what key it will be, and how some of the notes change. Then, I use another app called UpTempo to actually transpose the song file. Overall, when a real piano isn't nearby, I can depend on this app and combine it with other apps (like UpTempo) to help me change song keys for singing.

Found its use somewhat clumsy on a normal size phone. Even when zoomed in, I find it difficult not to hit the bottom (which resizes the keys) or top (which is an ad link). This is especially bothersome when trying to record, and speaking of... the natural sustain and/or reverb is gone on playback, making it sound incredibly unnatural.

It's a great piano app. I like how you can make it sound like different instruments. But there's two problems. When I use it with headphones the sound is delayed. Also there's a feature where you can lock the piano in place to play a certain part. I always leave it locked on a specific area of the piano, but whenever I open the app up, it shifts to a different part of the piano. I'm hoping these problems get fixed soon. Other than that, it's a great app!



App Name: RecForge Lite - Audio Recorder
Review: Started out great... But for some reason when playing back the recordings, certain portions of audio were missing. It's been frustrating at times as I use them to record my vlogs and can't sync to my videos. I may have to find an alternative now.

To the creator of this App::: kick ass job man. I've been through SOOO MANY Recorder/recording apps while I'm away from my computer/studio. (Im In the process of moving, & its taking longer than it should).. this app is almost an all in one deal, not much I could complain about fr. But anyway, just wanted to give proposal to the maker of this. keep up the kickin'Ass work...

I use this app to record my audio journal while commuting to work. It has great quality and you can adjust the volume at which it records. no editing that I have found but I can record at the end of existing files.



App Name: SkyView® Lite
Review: I've downloaded this app on my last 3 phones because I love it so much. I love sharing it with people when we are outside under the stars so they can identify, and sometimes see with their naked eye, planets, galaxies, constellations, satellites, and my favorite, finding the ISS. The music is so comforting too. Thank you for keeping it accessible!

It does what I want. I use it every time I go out with my telescope and sometimes for fun when I'm bored and I want to see where Hubble is. I use it almost every day so I thought why not get the paid version since it's a one time payment. The paid version boasts more planets and meissners (meissners are not included in the free version) however that's a lie. There is NO difference between the paid and free versions. There is no new perks or new things to view. There are still no meissners.

This is a review based on literally 30 seconds of use. Did exactly what I wanted it to do - identified Jupiter on the horizon. When was the last time, even if you researched the best free app (like I did), that it worked like butter the first time? Just from that 30 second specific task, I saw other features that look very intriguing. Hope to play with it soon, but it did the utilitarian task I wanted quickly, and I must say effectively.



App Name: Romi Lite
Review: The updates have been messing with how well the game plays. It glitches and freezes, also the button to organize the player's tiles has disappeared. I haven't really been playing because of these. Also, it would be great to be able to get rid of the adds. A dark mode would also be appreciated.

Enjoy the game but... The update on 1/7/2021 sucks! Bring back the holder sort button. The new layout cost me an hour trying to figure out what my 3 year old granddaughter did, only to find out it was an update to the game. I liked the old layout. If it's not broke, don't fix it! Now, its broke, so fix it.

On several games where the computer has won, it has cheated!!!! You can't win a game by playing a 1😊😊5. To play a turn it has to be 3 of the same and not adding a completely different number in the 3 numbers. IT IS CHEATING!!!!



App Name: Magic Fluids Lite - fluid sim
Review: BEST WALLPAPER EVER! Easy to use No pop-up ads every 2 min like the others. I download this app on every phone. It lets you customize all aspects too. Color frequency, effect and more. Plus it doesn't eat much battery life like some of them do. It's by far the best wallpaper app and I'm happy to pay for a coffee for me developer every time I get a new phone for the premium effects.

Pretty awesome. The free options are all great, I'm sure the unlockable ones via watching ads / paying for the full version are pretty good but it's not in my budget. You only get ads if you're in the settings menu, and can change between the free options for well. Free. Sometimes you get an ad, but it's short. The free options are very fun and pleasing

Looks cool, but seems to lack control over colors? I wish there was a way to select one or two specific colors, as well as the background color, and limit the brightness, maybe have a gradient to fade to black on the top or bottom (to help it not overpower my actual icons so much.) $5 seems too much for a bg app. At $1.99 or less I'd probably have bought it.



App Name: Likee Lite - Funny videos
Review: It's great way for children to adjust themselves to social media with accessible children safety locks. It also has great videos, creators, hours of entertainment. It's easy to use and overall a really fun alternative to other more popular and mainstream social media platforms. My only problem would be my personal issue to connecting toy network quickly. It usually 3-10 minutes to connect which wasn't great. But otherwise great app!

It's a great alternative for the main app to run on a low end device. But I'm having an issue while scrolling down to an user profile and contents or the following list, the app keep refreshing on its own after a certain time and lead me back to the start point which ends the exploring. I don't know if it's programmed or a bug, but if it's a bug then plz fix it.

Ihave been using the original Likee for a while and I really love their editing features/magic tools! It is the best! Likee Lite has less data which is good. There is no LIVE which I don't mind at all. Although, there are no search bar, editing tools and magic tools to make your videos which is a bummer. You can scroll through videos and record. I|ike that it is more neat without the backpack, wallets etc but plz add a search or edit tools. Thanks! Ps plz make it available on the Apple Store!



App Name: Color SMS Messenger
Review: I really like this app... It's free to use with option to upgrade to the no ad version. The ads are easy to deal with with a close click. Smaller ads are out of the way for you to read a respond to texts. My only issue is the load time is a long time. If the texts are all synced up, you would think it would be much quicker to look at recent messages. Instead I have to wait for it to load up. There should be a way to fix it. Thanks for this great ap otherwise.

Unusable, freezing after import/setup. I've tried to allow for time to import my messages, I've deleted app data 4x now, and even went with a provided theme vs custom. The app hangs so bad I can't even move around in it. It locks up my Android OS until it errors out. It doesn't use my contact icons I have saved, so it's impossible to easily and quickly pick a contact message to start chatting. I can't even get to the point of testing if messages go through or not. Uninstalling, refund pls!

Doesn't have themes. Can't backup messages to the cloud. Worst of all, there are so many ads and you have to pay for a subscription. SMS Organizer is still the best sms/mms app on Google Play. You can backup to the cloud. There are themes. Best of all, there are no ads and you don't have to pay a subscription to remove them!



App Name: V380 Lite
Review: It keeps stopping working. It like it the only way they can bring up the subscription page. I don't like this v380 anymore. It use to work better. After all you are not offering the camera for free. I have purchased the camera and I choose to use a sd card. So you should stop bullying to use the subscription buy stopping the application from working and cutting out.

It captures even when no one is there, but it still doesn't make sense. Plus, it doesn't capture important events. Icsee is far superior for CCTVs, apps, and more.

This one doesn't bug the hell out of me with ads all the time. I will have one to pop up here and there, but nothing major. Definitely ALOT better than the other two or more available for download at this "Playstore"



App Name: Antivirus Lite - Virus Removal
Review: Having little space on a very basic phone this was the only antivirus that initially would fit. The ads were annoying and tried to trick new users into registering a credit card for activation. If one looks closely one realises the request is from an advertiser, not from the developer. After deleting files to release space I installed the full version, but another antivirus program loaded identifying this program as malicious. I've removed both programs!

To many if's, and's, and, but's attached to it. Free but.......i had trouble getting access to it. It kept putting up more options and payment plans. Now it wont load.

I am uncertain if it cleaned my phone but for a free app, I found it smooth and easy to apply and use. It also recommended removing a feature of my phone that was unnecessary. This helped me save space so I would really recommend this lite anti-virus!



App Name: AVABEL LITE
Review: The game itself isn't that bad. It just needs a bit of updates. First of all why are most of important NPCs in stalls. Can't you just create a building like guild and other shops? And second maybe try to improve the UI. Like even if your class is mage the attack button is still a sword! And maybe add an aim for your attacks so that the player can chose which mob to attack. And maybe update the icons in the menu section.

I regrettingly bought the subscription service, however it is way overpriced for what you get. Auto battle is locked behind a very expensive pay wall through time limited tickets, which is bad, considering it should be available for free. There are other places where this game is lacking but its too much to write here, but briefly; untranslated bits, uninspired and lackluster skills/classes, long loading times, inactive playerbase, overpriced gachas, generally unpolished.

Kind of boring because the world feels lifeless much like its MPCs. I liked Iruna and Toram Online because you get to walk to all the different places on the map instead exclusively teleporting to each location. Also, the enemy targeting is really bad in this game; I can't tell which enemy I'm locked into, and my character doesn't immediately fire the projectiles in the direction I need it to, which is really inconvenient and stressful.



App Name: Fahrschule.de Lite
Review: This app is simply wonderful. Before installing this app, I paid 90+30 Euros to another app which was not even comparable with this app. This app is way cheaper. The user interface is simple and categorization of questions is soo good. For example you have all questions related to numbers in one category. You don't need to worry about new questions. They will be updated in your app. A big thank to all developers of this app, and anyone working to keep this app so good and practical. Great job.

I have installed the app on my phone (Xiaomi Note 10 Pro), but after openning, it be closed automatically!!! i can not use it at all. what should i do? I planned to buy a licence...

There is no option to change the language. I will not take the exam as German!



App Name: StarMaker Lite:Sing and Social
Review: I downloaded this app planning to play with it in a few days when I have more time, but I'm getting SO MANY notifications (annoying ones designed to look like someone is messaging/calling you when they aren't) that I'm just going to delete. I'm sure the notifications can be turned off, but it's the principal of the thing - you programmed the app to do something super annoying and now I've lost interest 🤷

Kind of like it now I used to really like it, but for some unknown reason starmaker likes to adjust their microphones on a daily basis and there's no amplifier you can download as far as apps go, that works right or will stay on in the background... And is also aggravating you almost want to just give up for real, but in the beginning the app was really good .. it's almost to the point now being just annoying.. one question star maker...WHY??? I've paid a lot of money over the years..SMH

This app needs an update or something. The lyrics are not matching up with the music it's like the lyrics are going faster then the music it's really throwing me off and some albums you choose are glitchy or don't work at all I have to keep stopping my recording to stop the static or glitches then when I start it again it starts to work. I have been using this app for a while and I have done alot of albums I don't want to lose I put so much effort into. Please please fix this thank you so much!



App Name: White Noise Lite
Review: This app has some really great sounds and allows you to mix them. I love that it has a secondary market where people can add their own sounds and you can easily download them. Being able to blend a couple sounds for me it's not only helpful for sleep it's also helpful for concentration. Being able to save the mixes for the two different tasks is also really cool.

I really love this app! I literally use it several times a day when I am wanting to create a different sound environment. I especially like the sound choices that come included in the app, but even moreso, like being able to download other sounds for free. I'm very happy with the user interface, particularly with the sleep-screen that shows a large clock face so I can read it at night without my glasses.

I've been using this app for many years. I love it. Thank you, White Noise Lite team! The app works better in an airplane mode. Otherwise, it sometimes shuts down. I love that it keeps running when I play shows to fall asleep, and when the episodes end, the noise keeps running, helping me to keep being asleep.



App Name: mydlink Lite
Review: Not connecting or staying connected consistently anymore. When we first got the camera installed and the app downloaded early 2018, it worked great! I could connect every time! Now the app won't connect to the camera most of the time or it freezes and disconnects after a few minutes. We've been holding out for another app update but, I think it might be time to go with a new camera...

This app needs to be updated badly. Reason for this horrendous score is because the app doesn't work more then half the time. For example when ever trying to change your settings on any of your devices it won't show all the settings options. What it would do is show some of the option sometimes and when going back in to the settings it won't show those same option again. Basically if you want to enable motion detection good luck turning it off when you get back into the settings. Next the app deactivates some of the features of the camera even if you have them checked off as enabled. so let's say you want to use the two way communication or you want to listen on to what's happening through the camera. Good luck using them even if your on the same network. What it does is just show the icon grayed out even if you enable it again within the settings. This could of been a great experience but with these major problems it's not worth the time that you'll be trying to get it to work properly.

Have had my DCS-2132L cameras for several years. When I first set them up, I was using a PC to control them. I had them set to take a before and after snapshot when a motion was detected and attach to and send an e-mail. When I had to change to MyDlink Lite app exclusively on my cell phone, I lost the ability to get the snapshot email, but I still get an e-mail notifying me of the detected movement. I also have app sending me text notification when a movement is detected and it is right on time!



App Name: Rarevision VHS Lite - 80s Cam
Review: I liked the old free version better. I got it in April and there was no ads and a 15 or 20 second video every time you shoot a video. I have used the app frequently in skating and montage videos. Then I accidentally delete the app, get it back and now apparently you have to watch ads just to record a couple of seconds!? That's so stupid. What if you see something cool like the solar eclipse and want to record it, but you have to watch an ad and miss it.

Cool concept, but you can't record over twenty seconds of film before it's deleted automatically and you're prompted to upgrade to the full version. No other features are available besides simple recording of >20 second clips. I would be inclined to purchase the full app if I were given a better 'trial,' but with this app, I'm just unimpressed and uninstalling.

It's not bad, I think the app tries a little too hard for the effect. But you can actually fool people it is possible. Vhs don't really have that white mess streak on the bottom never seen any real vhs does that. Maybe with out the white mess streak on the bottom it wouldn't be that bad. And with fuzz or blurriness with over saturation can give the look a promising effect. Yeah call me a vhs expert. Also vhs has SD, so it doesn't make sense when it's set to FHD. It doesn't make a realistic look.



App Name: 3D Rose Live Wallpaper Lite
Review: It is 3d rotatable object as depicted in video and not some pictures slideshow. Swiping results in the flower rotating and the graphics are nicely detailed. Keep the good work going on, developer. Perhaps multiple graphics quality options maybe present in current or next builds.

At this point I am very frustrated. I have elected the full version application. I have elected the version application many times to no avail. I was successful before I lost the application Will you please help me with this problem. I would like to have the partial version deleted, and the full version that I erected to continue, and be able to use.

The app is working based on the specification. I usually don't comment, but being honest, it worked. However, your phone has to be an upgraded one. I was using this app since I had my Samsung Galaxy Note three. Now I have Note 20 ultra, and it works perfectly fine.



App Name: Tinder Lite
Review: Know what yall need to do? Allow users to add a small vocal clip to go with their profile no more than 30 secs, low quality so people can get a voice with the picture. So not only are we getting a preview of someone's energy through photos, we are also getting a preview of their vibe, through their vocal tone and use. This gives the potential match a better picture of who they are connecting with and makes it less shallow and robotic. Listen or not. All apps should do this actually.

Tinder is offering the option to create an account using phone nomber, after a while they didn't let you log in. If you want to solve the problem, you have only one option - to send an e-mail. I don't want to use my e-mail in relation with Tinder. I feel forced to give them my private information. I had few matches, and I had to pay if I want to see it. After I paid, no more matches. When the period for which I paid expired, appear new matches - interesting....

Tinder lite unlike it's predecessor has disappeared features that did formerly exist. Like buying more boosts or superlikes. These icons are now no longer there on the android version. When I use my pc, the icon features still appear like the old version. But I get an error message every time I try to purchase anything. So still waiting on help after sending detailed description of issue plus screenshots and photos to support team. I'm guessing they're going to be very busy so fair enough.



App Name: Yango Lite: light taxi app
Review: The app is generally impressive, but occasionally it malfunctions in a way that is difficult to manage. Addressing this issue would greatly enhance the user experience and reliability of an otherwise excellent tool.

It could be improved. Drivers travel a Kilo or more to fetch next client. Even when the probability of picking up one near them is higher after dropping off one at their destination. For example, driver drops client 1 at Manda Hill, his next client would be in Northmead. why not Manda Hill as you could tell, alot of people would be waiting for their drivers coming from a further place.

Tried both yango standard and lite. Not able to receive SMS text. My SMS works fine as I'm able to receive text from my friends.



App Name: John GBC Lite
Review: The emulator is the best gameboy emulator I seen, it fully Colors each object and character, it's easy to use, you can put the speed by 4x or higher making it faster to play it, it also saves data. The main reason I put at 4 stars is because the save data don't work, it either its dosent work or if you dont play it for a day or just skip it, you'll lose all your data. Can you please fox it, I dont want to restart the game over 6 times. It's getting stupid.

Great emulator for most part. Plays both Gameboy And Color games, ads arent intrusive to gameplay and helps John with well deserved income or just buy to remove and Still help him out, easy to use interface and options with a scan button that searches the whole phone for roms. A Quicksave/load button that really comes in handy and save states. Only issue is the movement buttons, while a controllers move buttons are connected, this has a gap in the middle and no options to fix. Great otherwise!

One of the very best emulators for GameBoy Color, you can have tons of games , hook up controller and play. Easy to use and find your ROMs, some apps make it so difficult. There should be a one press button that finds them. I might spend the $3 to get it permanent, it takes up very little data or space on phone. Great app, I'm going to get Paid version, this app takes up very little space and all the games too, I have around 60 games and it doesn't drain MB of data, it plays regular GB games to



App Name: Lite - Secure VPN Browser
Review: PLS READ DEVS! the greatest and pleasing looking Ui for a browser ive ever used yet. very nice features implemented as well. only complaints are the ad block is outdated and not very useful, especially youtube adverts fall thru. some websites do not even function properly at all, with log-in or other functions, since the certificate of the browser seems to need an update on that! so i keep a seperate browser just incase, which kind of defeats the purpose of having this anyways.

Completely stopping hackers & DNS,VPN, Proxy leaks,in today's high tech era; is extremely difficult.Apps like this one,are stepping,up in order to fill the void.Privacy is absolutely necessary, as you navigate the World Wide Web.Personal information is sold,left & right, similarly to the Commodity Exchange.My friends,take control of your information,this excellent App,will assist you greatly!

It's a great idea to have a browser with VPN service. Wish it offered more locations. No issues so far. Thanks!



App Name: Cinema FV-5 Lite
Review: That app seems great However I have installed it in a LG Alcatel phone and a Samsung phone on both phones it does not recognize the SD card therefore there's not much space on these older phones you can't record no more than few minutes worth of video. As far as me using it to be able to try it out to edit some video it doesn't recognize that SD cards. The price of the regular app is not that much I would have no problems in buying it. If someone could help I would appreciate it.

Love this on my Samsung 20 plus. The standard camera suckssss... im disappointed at Samsung. This app has great low lighting with little to no grainy look. The aperture is wide. And the rolling shutter. One thing... can you slow down the auto focus. It looks nice. But too quick. I'd like a smoother tap focus from one subject to the next. Not sure if you get me. Thanks guys.

Inaccurate description: "The Lite version is a fully-functional version without any time or feature restriction: it just limits the maximum length of the individual clips you can record. Please acquire the paid version to remove this limitation and record clips of any length." The Lite version restricts the available resolutions to 1280x720 and under. On the plus side, there does not seem to be a record time limit other than file system limitations of 4GB, and the app will automatically start recording a new clip. Other advertised features work as expected. Face detect auto-focus works well! I would love to see a custom white balance feature added where I could take a picture of a white card to set white balance.



App Name: Torque Lite (OBD2 & Car)
Review: Takes too long to set up gauges and even worse, it doesn't save them when I exit the program! However, it is known to be a good software and I do appreciate the features in the free version. Ok, I'm ammending this review to update that you must go to permissions on your android and allowing writing to files.

It mostly works. But it's also four years outdated and the interface is a holdover from the dawn of android. Very difficult to use this app, ten years out of date, on a modern phone. It produced some of the info I needed from my vehicle. It wants me to buy the pro version for the info I really need but I'll try to find an alternative that isn't older than the dinosaurs. Updated review: almost impossible to use with a modern phone, even exiting the app is difficult. Left files all over my phone.

works every time. still using 14yr old ebay bluetooth obd2 adapter. have used several different phones with every version of Android since 2010. the only issue i've ever had just came up with the latest Android 12 OS. had issue with app not saving my display layout when exiting the app. uninstalled and reinstalled to reactivate permissions, and manually added a .torque folder to sd card- that worked!!! reads DTCs fine and works to clear DTCs in every vehicle i've tried it on since 2010.



App Name: Pakbond Lite - Bond Checker
Review: I didn't checked my prize bond from last several draws only due to the long list checking process and this application checked my numbers in last 4 draws in less than a minute. Great application, really appreciated. Thank you so much :)

A really very impressive app who save your all upto 500 prize bonds lists and having all the previous record to check within a second. Keep it up! Great app. 😊

Very excellent checker without any omission or error. Any one can download without any hesitation. Always successful for minor and major quantity of bonds.



App Name: Big River Fishing 3D Lite
Review: This is an excellent game I played this when I was 5 with my dad I found it today and downloaded it and I wanted to cry thinking about my memories because I have aged by 7 years so I'm 12 now almost 13 thanky out creators for making such an amazing game and making my day.

Make a feature where you can buy locations with in game cash overall it's good game

How did you get the game to go to the main menu so that I can fish



App Name: PUBG MOBILE LITE
Review: The game experiences severe lag, affecting not only my personal gameplay but seems to be a widespread problem among all players. The lag is so pronounced that it significantly hampers the overall gaming experience, making it frustrating and nearly unplayable. Furthermore, the game frequently crashes during gameplay, abruptly closing and forcing a complete restart. This recurring issue disrupts the flow of the game and diminishes the enjoyment for players across the board

About 95% of users are hackers. I've mentioned ome examples although it's harder to describe them in words than to see their gameplay. After being knocked down, the enemy quickly advanced. They use an odd setting that enables them to achieve zero recoil. If you are in cover you will get knocked out. They can see easily through smoke and water. Can even hit the enemy from a distance of more than 400 meters. They use high damage, auto headshots, with zero recoil etc. Please destroy these IDs.

I have played this game for a long time and it has never disappointed me. Good graphics, weapons, sounds, physics etc but recently i faced a bug where a loding animation pops up in the middle of screen and wont let me do anything, like it occurs mid game and vant do anything and gets killed. Please fix this issue



App Name: Spotify Lite
Review: Great app for most situations. The only thing I really miss is that the app doesn't show all records by a given artist, just the most popular ones. It would be nice to have a feature where you can scroll an artist's album list chronologically, as on the regular Spotify app. Apart from this small issue, the app is very good and I'd surely use it every day.

Great app but if you want to listen to a specific song then be prepared to listen to every other song by that artist and relating ones b4 they will play it. And what makes me even more ticked off is most the time the first song played when searching a specific isnt even the same band as the song ur requesting!!! As far as playlists to discover new songs and artists and even different genres of music, Spotify cant be beat!

I like this lighter version. It's minimal, none of the extras the original app has. The icons like the play/pause, the tabs, the settings and like icons have disappeared. Update: I emailed them months ago about it and their solutions have not worked so far and when I told them, I thought I'd get an update or something so I held out hope that an update would come to fix the issue above but it didn't. I also didn't hear back from them after. Hope this gets their attention. I did try everything.



App Name: File Manager Lite
Review: Finally, a file manager for my phone that doesn't communicate with anything/anybody outside the phone. I tested it through my internet router traffic data and I m glad its perfect :)

Never thought i could ever have such an easy to use, simple and light weight file manager. Cheera developers

You really should consider dark UI and (not so important, but could come in handy) more app theme collor. If You do, more 🌟 from me.



App Name: U Launcher Lite-Hide apps
Review: Excellent graphics & speed so far! Not sure of battery usage, but since I am new to this, I will reupdate once I know it's effectivity on battery, other apps, etc.! 12/4/19 Update; Now that I have been using this for awhile I can say that I CAN NOT handle ALL OF THE AUTOMATIC ADS! Also, I still think the graphics are great, but my lock screen is ignored period! The rest of my screens are not organized. I am thinking it may be a compatibility issue with my phone. Going to stop using for now😉.

Since the last update, it keeps crashing. Otherwise, it is a pretty good app. One necessary improvement is to not show hidden aps as choices in the drawer (I.e, as one of the options for sharing a pic, sending a message, making a call, etc.). Another improvement would be to require some authentication before allowing navigation to the OS's System Settings; otherwise, it can just be disabled.

Downloaded the app yesterday and it hasn't crashed on me yet. I do not like Pop up ads, therefore I chose the option to remove the ads in the settings page. I was under the impression that it would be made available to those in my family plan as well, however, it hasn't populated there and it doesn't appear to have a button to select to move it there either. It's a nice launcher and I like to numerous themed and wall paper designs. Would be great to add to wife's phone after paid.



App Name: City Racing Lite
Review: Ah, yes. I remember playing this game on my PC, and it works just as well on here. The graphics are great, but what I like most is that I can race offline, whereas you can't on Asphalt 9. I use this game as a second for when I can't play Asphalt 9 or any other racing game that requires internet, and it solves the no internet problem perfectly. I also like how you have no gas levels, so you can race as much as you want. Just watch how much you damage your car!

Fantastic game,but there is one problem.I used to have this game for the first time, no problem just perfect .This is my second time of having this game. I found many problems. For example, if I boost the car with N2O my phone's screen will be flashing like flashlight. Again,if I quit the game,if I return,I will loose all the progress i made. This restart the whole game. Pls remove this. I love this game like other racing games .

Idk what's wrong, the app opens for like 3-4 seconds then exits by itself. The original game also has the same problem. 3D games pls resolve this issue with the lite version as well as the original version. This was one of my favourite games of all time, such good graphics but now I found this game after such along time but not able to play. Pls 3d games look into this matter.



App Name: Ludo Master™ Lite - Dice Game
Review: It shows were to kick an someone of which the person playing might not have noticed which is some sort of eve dropping and cheating . I support the idea of percentage but criticize the touching effect everywhere on screen

Poor apps. The 3rd board gives extensively higher score and the 1st board gives lowest scores each times. It is unjust.

Çrazy game, you can't continue from where you stop after minimize pores, you can't connect with a friend, I think this need urgent attention before I uninstall the app.



App Name: GPS АнтиРадар (радар-детектор)
Review: One of the most reliable app, catches almost every radar. I would recommend application detected unidentified radars or newly installed radar signals and notified by beeping at least to notify the driver. Thank you

Excellent application. The only disadvantage is that submittion of new data is available only for payed version and simple users cannot make application database better

Excellent application, informs about possible mobile speed cameras. Use it more often than Y navigator for example.



App Name: Ola Lite: Lighter Faster Ola A
Review: Initially shows 'NO ride available', but on searching again it takes very long to come to a result. Meantime, it books 2 or 3 rides. On cancelling (keeping one vehicle for ride), I receive messages that 'Cancellation charge will be debited on next ride'. How could you charge your customers if you have problems in your own system? Doesn't it look some kind of extortion?

Ola's standards have dropped. I try to book a ride, the pick up and drop locations are entered properly but then as soon as the ride is confirmed it shows entirely different adress causing problems both to the drivers and us, customers. Drivers often tend to lose their cool and rage at us. This is very disappointing, do look into the issue. Also, the drivers' reason as to why this is happening is because Ola's server is down. There are also issues of double booking happening automatically.

Utterly useless. The few times I booked a cab and managed to travel there was no issue. 8 out of 10 times though, it'll show searching but end up booking in the background. At least if it booked, I wouldn't have a problem. It would however proceed to cancel the bloody ride. Developer seriously need to take a look at the app and it's shortcomings. I'm really disappointed.



App Name: Crossword Lite
Review: Great crossword. Only fault is that it is too easy to overwrite your correctly completed answers. You get used to how it skips over letters and overwrites others, but it is a bit of a pain to have to rectify errors in answers you had previously completed correctly. Otherwise it is a good crossword puzzle app.

Reasonably good clues, no ads cluttering up the screen or distracting from doing puzzles, can reveal a letter or word and check to see if you've gotten all the right answers without revealing unless you choose to. Very nice crossword app! It's my new favorite and my go to!

Nice app, uncomplicated, works well. It would be good to have more challenging, obscure words included, but apart from that, it's quite satisfying when I'm able to complete a whole puzzle in five minutes or less.



App Name: S Browser Lite : Lightweight
Review: It's Really good it even fully is worth/deserving of all my 5x(🌟) I Love it & really wish I could Give it a 10+ too aswel but in google play 10x is un-Available I wanna see it grow & Level up with 1m+ in users it can duh if so many did but clearly it is only if dev of this app do their all to ensure it will happen it must have pinLocking it will keep us 24/7 private cuz a browser =#1 personal app its for 1 user not 2+ duh & background play will reserve 🔋 on stuff ppl just Wanna Hear Not Watch

cannot watch movie due to many ads uninstall

Very nice app good to use always the best.



App Name: Medicinal plants lite
Review: The medicinal plants app has been a place for all I needed in health treatment for a long time now. Every treatment has no side effects. As everything is Natural, no chemical addition. You can be rest assur for better health in all areas of good and Sound living. For awhile now., I have not taken orthodox medicine and am good. I then, recommend it to everyone, Have the apps, go through it and apply natural hab to treat yourself..

It's avery good app and gives description, use, curative power and prescription of what you are searching about any plant. Thanks so much the developer(s). It's Easily accessible and no rampant adds. Teaches more so about our daily living and with respect and fear of God who created everything. It's a very good app. Don't hesitate if you want to get out of the evil of chemicals due to every ailments that may attack you. So download it and become free from ailments. May God guide and heal you

So helpful.I have given five but because this app has made me get advanced in herbal medicine.secondly develop this app to allow others include other plants they know to assist other people to develop to herbal medicine.otherwise, it's helpful to me and my family.



App Name: Tele Messenger Lite
Review: It is pretty cool but you got to add up some features

Superb! Luv this apps!

It's a nice app



App Name: Human Japanese Lite
Review: I love this app. Unlike other language learning apps (cough cough Duo), it actually takes the time to explain grammar and includes cultural context in addition to the language aspect, which is both important and very interesting to me. It's fairly simple to read and has a more casual feeling than a textbook while still being akin to one. I've been using this in conjunction with Busuu and have made more progress in a matter of weeks than I did for a year with Duo. Def going to upgrade when I can.

while i like this app and I'm 8 chapters into it, I'm frustrated that there doesn't seem to be a way to study and drill the vocabulary without going to the individual tables in each chapter and clicking on words. I was really expecting some sort of flashcard-like functionality for building the vocabulary introduced in each lesson. Maybe I'm missing something?

Utterly wonderful Japanese course. And it is an actual course, not just a bunch of flash cards. This is as good as the Genki textbooks. My only complaint is that the end of lesson tests aren't useful. I learn 30 new vocabulary words and get 10 questions to test my mastery? So it needs to be supplemented by something like Anki for testing. But that's a small flaw. Absolutely worth buying the full version.



App Name: 24clan VPN Lite SSH Gaming VPN
Review: I've always seen these VPN apps to be fake, based on the countless trials I've carried on it. But, this one is not one of the best, but it's the best VPN app, I've ever used. It deserves more than 5 stars... (7 months active connection) Thanks alot for this app!!

This app is really helping especially when you run out of data it can fit in for an alternative while you fund your way out Thanks for the app

not working at all! not connecting here in Zambia,



App Name: Fretter Lite - Chords
Review: Useless app which creates chords that incorporates open strings in every shape. Which is not how guitars are played in the real world.

I use it all the time for knowing what notes mean what chord plus the scales are really great. Chord finder is probably not as useful as in other apps.

Didn't work, need updates badly - Hi, thanks for replying. Issue is that the app will not show chords on new M51 Samsung phone. Shows chords in old Moto G5. A warning is displayed when the app is opened saying 'this app is made for older versions of Android, please update the app'... Hope this helps :)



App Name: Plastic Surgery Simulator Lite
Review: Really disappointed in this. Decided to pay hoping that when I went to edit it wouldn't show two different photos. Sometimes when you upload the photo it just shows that one or it shows the before after and is completely random. Makes it harder to edit and can't zoom in. Just paid for this and also still get ads. I'll be downloading a better one

Buyers beware, don't pay full price. it is very basic app that literally doesn't do much for the money you pay, you can Photoshop better with no prior experience or training. I have just uninstalled it, you might as well throw your money out of the window with same effect.

I have enjoyed this free app usage, it has come in handy for some minor alterations with photos. Thank you for allowing me to use this free app on my Android cell phone, I'm sure there are some improvements that could be made by your experts I'm not qualified to make any suggestions only can say I have used this app and will continue to use it on occasion.



App Name: Spider Lite - Solitaire Games
Review: For super amateurs, only 6 card rows, no features, no magic, didn't appear to be any way to change it advance, most purchase background upgrade with coins earned playing, way bother with such a nothing game? This is ok for kids just learning. Uninstalling.

I like your game very enjoyable 👍 😊 and fast paced graphics are good and smooth play .I have your pyramid solitaire so when I found your spider light just knew it would also be very good and of coarse you guys did not disappoint oh yes highly cutumizeable also another great plus . Thanks

This spider lite is deff a diff spider experience interesting seemed easy but gets harder so it is a challenge I'm enjoying the experience.



App Name: 마인드카페 Lite- 마음 치유 커뮤니티
Review: It's a good app but I just have some problem with the language b'coz I am not an native korean speaker so yeah!😄 other than that everything is good!!

so far, it's helping...enough to make me feel little better but not enough to change my thoughts tho...will get on it whenever I get chance and see what happens..

Definitely I would recommend this app to my family and friends. It really works for me it makes my mine peacefully.



App Name: APY and NPS Lite by Protean
Review: 

App Name: 1DM Lite: Browser & Downloader
Review: An absolutely seamless app to use, my phone has now replaced my PC for 90% of the downloads I need to complete. For the price of free, you get every feature you'll ever need! The one ad that is displayed unintrusively at the bottom of the screen is barely noticeable. I plan on supporting the dev by purchasing the Premium version, it'll be a purchase well made!

I have the regular 1DM+ app, even though the free version did everything I needed. I'm not even really sure what the paid version does that the free one doesn't. I bought the paid version specifically to contribute to the developer. This is 1of the top 3 apps I've ever had. The developer also responds promptly to questions, and the app even includes detailed instructions with a "help search" bar in the menu, so you don't even have to wander through the menu, just look up what you need.Brilliant

I have tried many downloaders over the years, and this one is on top! The plethora of available options are great for experienced users, and the click twice and get it is great for newbies. I love that you can grab torrents too, and that they are arranged and easy to find once downloaded. I could go on for days about how great this app truly is! Keep at it y'all, and thanks for a great app!



App Name: Hermit — Lite Apps Browser
Review: Came across this app long back but didn't understand the need of it . It was suggested recently by many people in suggestion threads & wanted to try it out. Pretty useful app & saves a ton of space on the device. They have apps for most of the websites that I frequently browse so I'm completely satisfied with it. Not to forget the different customization options it provides .Totally worth switching to.

Three years later, still using this almost daily. It just works. I don't even think about it - some of my apps just happen to load using Hermit, and again, they just work. In all this time, they've also never pushed a breaking change, so it's stable. Highly recommend experimenting with this on different sites and seeing how it fits your workflow.

September 24, 2021 Update!! I would like to suggest an export-import option for lite apps, whether pre-configured or self-configured, especially for those of us who are uninstalling and reinstalling apps constantly. It would save people from having to retype the names of websites from scratch to recreate their lite apps. It's just a thought. I still enjoy using Hermit.



App Name: Parallel Space Lite 32 Support
Review: Hello. To everyone saying the app doesn't open the games, it's not supposed to open anything. This app is an implementation to the normal parallel space, to allow 32 bits apps. Download the normal parallel space, and there you will be able to open the apps. This app is more like a driver for the normal parallel space.

Earlier it was working fine and now it started saying that please upgrade to our 64 bit version and whenever i try to download it from play store it always shows me an error ... How do i restore my whatsapp and instgram accounts ... This feels like hell ... I have lost all of my data because of this blunder

I don't know why but there's no option to play this app. I can't see any another option accept the “Privacy policy" and all . This app really need some works. Better not to waste your mb and time in this app which doesn't work . Just take my advice DON'T DOWNLOAD! THIS REALLY DISAPPOINTED ME VERY MUCH. Please reply me Parallel space lite 😤



App Name: Voice GPS, Directions & Maps
Review: It does not give you advance warning of any turning you should take - always when you are on the junction or roundabout - no good at all. It does not amend the route and advise you accordingly if you know and take a slightly different route. When I first used this (November 2023) it did all of the above. Why has it changed?

Before I even had a chance to get into the routes of multiple street addresses I entered to test the app, I had to fend off adds every time I entered an address. I hadn't had the app downloaded two minutes and I was already aggravated with the adds and immediately uninstalled it.

Voice GPS Driving Directions- Lite is very amazing and excellent service by developers team. I really enjoyed to work on it. Highly recommended it to all because it is very easy to use mobile application and it is no need extra permissions to use. Very friendly and reliable plus secure service.



App Name: ScanBizCards Lite - Business C
Review: OCR is challenging. You need to really check the data. I used to use their advertised capability of importing through the clipboard but that feature has been deprecated (even though it's still in the product description). Without the ability to import through clipboard or manually create a new entry which would allow me to cut and paste myself, the app is largely useless for me with digital contacts.

I liked the old version of scanbizcards better because when you added a contact to your phone, it gave you a button on the bottom of the screen to automatically scan the business card and then automatically populated the fields. With this version, you have to open the app and then export the information to your contacts. Not as convenient.

This app is pretty bad and very fussy (same experience on iPhone), but it's sadly the best business card scanner I've used and I've tried at least five others in the last year. If a company could make an actual good card scanning app, they could crush it. Edit: I'm floored that this app has as high of a rating as it does! The older versions must have been pretty good. That's the only way I can rationalize it.



App Name: TikTok Lite - Save Data
Review: TikTok Lite is a streamlined version of the popular TikTok app, designed for users who may have limited data, storage, or slower internet connections. It retains many of the core features of the full TikTok app but in a more compact and efficient package. Here are some of the key aspects and experiences of using TikTok Lite: 1. **User Interface**: The interface is clean and intuitive, resembling the full version but with fewer animations and visual effects to save on data and processing power.

Its a good app. My friends told me about it and I downloaded it but I can't access the app. I've tried to sign up multiple times but it keeps saying I can't log in and even when I try to watch videos without signing up it's doesn't bring out any videos. It's really annoying. I've done this numerous times but I still get the same result.

TikTok Lite is fantastic! It’s lightweight and perfect for devices with limited storage and slow networks. The personalized video feed is always up-to-date and entertaining. Creating content is easy with great effects and the Duet feature. Connecting with friends is seamless, and the privacy settings are reassuring. Highly recommend TikTok Lite for a smooth, fun experience on any device!



App Name: Litmatch Lite
Review: The experience was great, I had a lot of fun bonding with friends and it sort have help me overcome me being an introvert. But there's one problem, it always ban me for no reason, I have no choice but to wait days just to bond with them together. But I got tired, it's been 3 times me being ban so I decided to quit for good. Hoping you'll fix this issue litmatch team ty.

This app always banned and warning me for no reason even though i follow the guidelines... not to mention we can't do anything for it ??? contacting the support team doesn't even work because they take a long time to review our email. Making a new account also doesnt work when you get banned... please change the rule because how am i supposed to contact my friends? Absolutely terrible app.

I cant log in says connect error please check your network and try again later even though i have best internet connection like i have 6 ms in speedtest ookla



App Name: Construction Simulator 2 Lite
Review: The game is a little confusing at first, figuring out which vehicle is needed for the job. Once that is figured out, it's a pretty fun game. If not using tilt controls while driving, it's easier to over/under steer, sometimes doesnt register at all depending on finger placement. I have not yet figured out if there is a way to cancel contracts as far as renting home bases. Managing funds is probably the hardest part of the game.

Great game, equipment accuracy is good, there are some things that could be improved. Functional downforce would be a fantastic modification. Being able to realistically lift the equipment with the hydraulics as you can with real equipment. For example, downforce would make it possible to cross ditches and climb out of holes with the excavators. The ability to load multiple machines on the "heavy duty" lowboy. The limit should be determined by weight only. The first person view is useless as is.

So I get to drive forwards and then reverse, and then I have to buy the game? Wow, great trial guys. As soon as I try to set the Waypoint to Home, I brings up the screen to pay and I can't seem to go any further. Literally played for 2 mins and this is it. Edit: Restarted the game and I was then able to select the Waypoint. A bit later into the game and again it wouldn't allow the Waypoints to be selected with the payment popup, but I do seem to be able to continue playing.



App Name: PDF viewer lite
Review: Scrolling is a bit awkward, and it opens inside my file manager (though I'm pretty sure that's my file manager app's fault), so I can only have 1 pdf open at a time and I can't see the files STEM while the pdf is open. It's easy enough to use and has search and copy-paste (so it reads text as text), though the search and copy-paste are doing strange things on a certain pdf (might be the pdf's fault).

I installed it... and tried opening a pdf. I went through it's dialogue no less than 8 times giving it permissions to access files on the SD card and the folders, After about 20 minutes, I was able to open a file and it opened so small, not readable. I gave up and uninstalled it. Too much grief. It may be okay for some but not me. That's All.

Easy to use, and saves your place when reading a long pdf. Very nice layout and intuitive design. I would have liked to see a built in auto rotate lock that doesn't rely on the global (system) setting, or auto- rescaling when orientation changes, but the ease of use makes up for it. Thanks for a great app!



App Name: Pocket Academy Lite
Review: I thought the full version of this game would be better than the one im playing, which is Pocket Academy ZERO. This is broken, it doesn't show the date and money you have, and sometimes the facility slots are broken, like the track, it overflows the slot. Im sticking to the ZERO version for now.

I think theres a bug . Or to be adujted to fit my screen.The add covers the top portion where the season and money amonut is plus there is a gap at the bottom where the ad is supposed to be . Is that also in the full version cause Im not getting it if it is.

when I read the description I decided to get it, but when I opened it an ad came up on top of the screen which blocked how much money I had and when hot the x to close the ad it just stayed. But before that happened it was kinda nice the game I just hate that an ad popes up on top of the money



App Name: Defense Zone 2 HD Lite
Review: It's inconsistent, and doesn't even follow its own rules. For instance, in Mission 21, when you set the turrets at the bottom to fire at the nearest enemy (below them), they ignore them and fire at the enemies above them anyway, even though other turrets are attacking them from above. So all the enemies just keep escaping out the bottom path and you keep losing, when you should be winning. It's dumb, and I just uninstalled it.

Weapons are weak and can't do the job without spending Money, (free GAMES LOL! I have complained about the Sorry weapons upgrade and you have done nothing! So you can keep your game, I will never play this game anymore, If you are looking for a good game this is not the game,

Crashes everytime I try to play level 5



App Name: Lite Browser - Fast & Powerful
Review: This is a remarkable app for its pleasant appearance, intuitive layout, and capabilities. It has features that are essential for me: image blocking, to save data, and printing to PDF, as I save numerous pages. Being able to change page font and size is an unexpected bonus.

That was(!) a great little app that except for unusable 3 fastlink did a marvelous job. It hardly had any impact on the memory resources running under android 5 and for a short while 11. Unfortunately no more updates.

This is not the lite version what I'm looking for. The real lite version just like opera mini 6.5 doesn't have support pop-ups ads so you can enjoy browsing so smoothly



App Name: Construction Simulator 3 Lite
Review: It's 1000% worth the money if you enjoy simulator type games. Graphics are nice for a phone game. I have a OnePlus 7Pro and it runs smooth. The fine details in the controls is nice, physics are good. I do have moments it seems like the controls aren't responding or I randomly get stuck. Luckily they have a reset vehicle button when that happens, but it can get frustrating. The camera can be a turn off, but you end up getting used to it. Still highly recommend this game if you enjoy simulators.

As far as realistic construction management simulator games this by far, surpasses all other. Only issue I've ever had is that the game lags from time to time. It gets glitchy. It's not a storage nor connection issue. I have ample storage left on my mobile device and have the most upgraded wifi that the area I live in offers. Mabey the processor in my galaxy A10 is lacking. It is now out of date compared.

Not going to lie, before installing I thought it would be a boring game, after installing and playing for about an hour, I must say it's pretty impressive. The art style, it's realistic gameplay overall is very good. Nice job! Highly recommend if you like simulation games mixed with fun.



App Name: mPI Lite
Review: Horrible app, I deleted the app, could not sign in, keeps saying "page expired " haven't been able to use it for some time. You would think that after several months someone would get a clue that there's a problem and fix it but I guess that's to much to hope for. The app was good at first but the so called upgrades that has happened were more like downgrades.

App keeps crashing when trying to sign in & while selecting a store, gives you about 10 seconds before it just force closes itself & sends you back to your phones home. Don't get how this company expects us to do so much for us for so little & one of the very rare things we get to help us get work done & find certain products to run to the shelves or for customers & it doesn't even work.

When working doing a reset, I can't scan items one after another to verify ILC, I have to exit every time I scan an item and log back in and scan next item!! Every time!! This not only costs time doing reset, but it's draining my battery. I have no other option due to my store not having hardly any Bluebirds, so I can't have one to use nightly!! Any way to fix app issue??



App Name: SightHD Lite
Review: Has worked great i love the fact that you can watch continuously. The othe camera i have will only stay open 10min then shuts off. The camera and app works really good to keep our granddaughter focused on school during this pandemic. Had one small bump a few days ago the app was not working right on my old tablet we use to monitor it. So I went to update the app thinking that was the reason. Nope wasn't that. The app was no longer on Google sent then an email fixed 48 hours later good job

After 20 minutes of trying to set the camera up, I finally get to where I can name the device and there's no button to continue. Unable to finish setting it up, can't even use a piece of junk because of this stupid app. Useless. Waste of time. Cheap garbage.

I had an issue at first with not being able to get past the naming your camera but I contacted support and all I needed to do was change the font size in my phone settings and the Confirm showed up at the bottom! Camera works perfectly!



App Name: Lunar calendar Dara-Lite
Review: Great calendar! Wish it had a better adjustment for time zone. I've tried all variations and still get inaccurate times for moon placement. I live in the Pacific northwest of the USA. The moon is always behind the app regardless of setting. Meaning the moon is not in the sign the app says it's in yet. So I adjust . Love the interpretations and advice!

This app is freaking awesome ! It has everything .. literally everything you could think of related to the moon in over place! Inexpensive in app purchase and it's for life

The app is wonderful and thoughtful and quite accurate. However, I purchased the beauty extension but it does not appear. I have written to customer support a few times without a response. ut would be nice if the app had links to particular practices, for instance, if a yoga is mentioned as a good practice fo lt the day and if you could plan your calendar by searching, for example, the best day for femine energy, to study science, to have a romantic date, which colors to wear.



App Name: Colouring Games
Review: This is the best colouring app in the world! I, an 8 year old, just loves this game! It's a good game for creativity and I can't believe that this game has a 'test your memory' minigame! I like everything about this app but instead of buying them, can we just unlock the themes by drawing or colouring pictures? It will be more easy. Overall this app is everything I wanted.

Good option for teaching colors and shapes, not really for self entertaining for the three and under group, it needs supervision. But by the age of four and older the free hand truly allows self expression. While the coloting pages give ideas and are fulfilling in themselves.

Its a good app but. Their is only drawing options I like and other options like train your memory and gallery and painting options make be boring and there are only some pictures in painting why ? Its a bad app



App Name: Applock Lite - Fingerprint
Review: its a good app. but not work finger print. When do it finger i will give you 5 star

Aiddzsdauds is one thing to say but it does seem that they were going for it and a few days before he NAHI Milan in the champions league on Saturday morning in my head around for it to the top right corner taken from the only thing is I love the top of the

This app is good but every time ad 😡but this good😊



App Name: Yahoo Lite - News, Mail, Sport
Review: 

App Name: DroidJoy Gamepad Joystick Lite
Review: Couldn't get it to work. Tried everything to get my phone to find the server and absolutely nothing works. Tried wired and Bluetooth connections, followed all steps exactly and even tried adding the server manually but, still nothing. EDIT: Disabled windows defender and firewall and still couldn't get it to work. Only message I got was that my phone couldn't find the server. Will give it another go. Upping rating due to devs responsiveness and willingness to help.

Great little app for what it does. It is very close to being a controller replacement for playing games on PC, but not if you care about rumble. Most of the reason I wanted this app was to use the vibration of my phone to emulate rumble in games, and it seems like this app can't do that. I consider rumble support to be very important, but if you have no need for that, then the app will serve you well. Edit: My original review of 2 stars was a little harsh, so I've updated it to 3 stars.

Best Best Best app ever 💯!!! But one problem there is no LT and RT button on controller and i cant opened my custom preset so please add RT and LT buttons on controllers please please and please reply!!🙏 So i am rate 4 stars!!



App Name: Ultra GPS Logger Lite
Review: Can no longer use Google timeline on my PC. With a bit of time to set it up, this app has been a god send for keeping track of my movements and being able to continue viewing on my PC's GPX viewer using GPX files auto-uploaded to Google drive. Also very well documented. Thank you!

The application has a major problem and drawback. If you Mock the location with other application through Bluetooth and use external GPS receiver, it can't keep track recording while the display is turned off (Standby or whatever you call it). Its stops recording on average after 1-2 min. It works only with the itarnel phone GPS receiver. OR if you connect the cable to any charging port (PC, charger). And nothings helps. Neither Battery optimisation options, neither Power options in the the applications. Only works if you keep display ON, active etc. Tested on Android 7,8 Huawei VTR-L29. Would not! try on And9 just to convince that won't work again. There is no problem with keep records or tracking wille the phone is locked with other applications like Google Maps, Soviet Military Maps etc. Btw dev... and don't argue please. Left 3 full days in testing and debugging! GLHF

Most professional app in market. There is an option to see duel frequency gnss reception



App Name: OYO Lite: Best deals on Hotels
Review: If I have any options for give ratings less then this, I will definitely do that, Oyo is not it's state of mind, it's only a app for finding a hotel near you nothing else, otherwise whenever you call them they will not pick up, after this you have to talk to direct hotel, oyo is showing any amount of a room whenever you go to the hotel, they said it's not right, we are not giving any room at this price you have to pay double otherwise we don't have any room, the charge extra for AC. Disgusting.

Fraudulent Company. I booked a room 2 days ago and I was eligible for full refund till 10 PM before my trip begins. They started texting from 9 PM saying my hotel is being rellocated and I have to follow the link in the message. Then I opened the text at 9:06 PM and the link says it is expired! I called their customer care and they said my booking status is fine. The next day they rellocated my room to a place which is far away from the location and I had to pay an additional 2.5k! Worst service

SAVE MONEY, SAVE TIME, DON'T USE OYO. Oyo become a FRAUD company. It's how's the wrong information to the customer misleading into a trap. I booked a room and paid online. After reaching hotel asked for 4 time amount more for check in. I called customer care and cancelled my booking. But after few days I got to know that no refund is processed. Now there is no way I contact there service team. They are just fooling service. Never book on this app.



App Name: Gate Lite: Buy Bitcoin, Crypto
Review: It is the worst app in the world! It is 42 hours to blocked My withdrawal USDT on Gate.io. Never transfer your money to this exchange. I completed KYC identity verification but needs facial recognition!!! I repeated it 100 times. Nobody answer me clearly. I opened 2 tickets (1118768) and my withdrawal ID is 57483893. I was in Binance exchange for several years and never found such problem. I sent email several times. Please let me know what should I do?? Please help me. I NEED MY MONEY.

Wrong Rooted Device Checker!!! I am using Samsung Galaxy S5 Active for this lite version of this app but it says "Your device appears to be rooted" while my device is not rooted and all other apps are running without any issue. I think there's a bug that wrongly detects for root devices. 1 star for that your app is not working in my PHONE...!

App is very poor, I struggle with sms verification code, swap is a big problem too, you can't withdraw your money. Support will never help, they'll tell that your case will be delt with, it's two months now, my money is stuck... I'm unable to withdraw, anyone please help me.



App Name: AngleCam Lite - Angular Camera
Review: Works great, good settings with calibration, but I miss horizontal line that moves up/down on phone tilt, and grid color setting (it's barely visible, and didn't notice it at first).

Can't work without internet App is not working when my phone (Oppo K10) is not connected with internet or WiFi.. please help me resolving my issue ASAP

Found it easy to use with great functionaily HOWEVER disappointed to find most of the photos I have taken have disappeared. It would seem that photos delete automatically after a certain perion but I cannot find this documented anywhere. Really annoyed as somenof these photos are irreplaceable and were essential to my project.



App Name: Ch7HD LITE
Review: I. Like. Boxing. Thailand

ทำไมดูบอลโลกไม่ได้ครับ ผมจะจดจำโมเมนต์นี้ไว้ นัดชิงแท้ๆ

ใช้ดี



App Name: SimpleMind Lite - Mind Mapping
Review: Definitely one of the best apps I've found for what I use it for. I've been using it for a few days now, and it's so easy to use! I do have a few personal suggestions I'd like to see incorporated into the mind maps, like bigger buttons when accessing topics and perhaps an option for a drop-down menu/preview to better see the notes put on each topic (if these are already features than I missed it). Otherwise, I love it and hope to upgrade someday!! Great work!

I can't believe I did not install this app and the desktop version earlier. Strongly recommend the developer make it eaiser for prospective users to see that it is, indeed, possible and quite easy to construct concept maps in this app (i.e. (directed) graphs rather than trees). Put a screenshot on the website or something. I only have one request. Please, please, make the android text search experience a little more like desktops, ie with **filtered dropdown search results** (live-updated)! Please do consider doing so. It will make navigation so much easier!!

I like this app, but it's extremely frustrating that under preferences, it has an unusable freeform layout and that it doesn't matter which of the 4 options you choose under the horizontal layout, all 5 things are exactly the same so that there is no way to organize the parent topics where you'd actually like them to go. If not for that, I'd have given 5 stars.



App Name: BOBO Lite - Group Voice Chat
Review: Hello friends I have been working with bobo app I like the app because,i met many people here and made some very good friends. I think it's a great app that brings people together and give me a great variety of content. I also want to wish the bobo lite team very good luck for the future and keep giving us great new features every month.

Assalam Alaikum Tu Al MashaAllah very nice application I have started working on it now but I really like working on it specially working with Admin Sultan I had a very good experience with him and besides. He is very nice, I give all my time here and do whatever is fair, I like this very much.

Nice application I like this application very much and I also like working here and admin sultan has guided me very well in this application and please those who have not joined this application please join this application. Do it and work here, God willing, people will like it



App Name: Block Puzzle Blitz-Blast Lite
Review: 

App Name: Instagram Lite
Review: Well, it's a great option, especially for those who need space, but it falls short in several aspects, such as: I can't comment or even open the comments on posts (only on the reels), it also requires patience because for each action you have to wait a while for the screen to load, as if you were on the internet, there are no animations either, which makes it a bit dull, it's as if it were isolated from other applications and people, even in the notes.

I like the lite version of Instagram. It feels very simple. But it is very basic version of Instagram and some of the features are not there yet. There are bugs and I believe they will fix it in the future updates. The loading is little slow but it can run in slow internet connection. Well I'm glad there is a lite version for Instagram and I really like it

Whenever I try to post photos on the feed, I have to tap the 'Next' button multiple times after selecting the images that I want to upload, before being successfully taken to the next screen. Is this a bug that's probably overlooked by the dev team? Please fix this issue in the upcoming update



App Name: Cyber Hunter Lite
Review: Pro: A game with good concept, nice graphic and gameplay in futuristic theme. Con: a lot of bugs unfixed, newer patches bring more bugs. Also, several weapons are unbalance and unreliable. Having better weapon (with a core) than opponent and shoot first doesn't mean you can win a kill. I find these frustrating to play with. At this state of the game, I am strongly not reccommend for anyone until most of I mentioned above are fixed.

A bes battle royale game of all, better than pubg😉. this game has beautiful graphics, good weapons, great gameplay and controls, big map, lots of cool features like gliding, wall climbing, skills... This game feels me that i am firing weapons and love to play thank you for this game... i didn't played full version yet but, the lite version is amzing. Keep updating for new things, bug fixes, and many other things.... This is best...👍👍👍

It feels very good to see how developers of this game are working hard to give the same experience (GamePlay, Controls, Graphics) as the original version in half the size of it's actual version. Also you need not need to add extra account if you already had an account of it's original version , and the game will automatically restores your sensitivity, controls and level too of your Original Cyber Hunter account. A big thumbs up from my side.👍 keep developing and keep improving .



App Name: Big Night Fishing 3D Lite
Review: its a really good app and maureen okumar learn english because u have barley used it in your so called helpful information.

I the fakest app don't waste your time spending data to install it you can regret

it's interesting fishing games and all that stuff



App Name: Josh Lite : Home For Tiki Now
Review: Very nice app. Love it a lot🏵🏵🏵🏵✋ But there is 1issue wid me please, I dnt have the Copy Link or the Share Link option on my app. I have send a feedback for this issue, And they did respond by saying that, they will fix it upp soon. But it's still not working 4me at the moment. I do req... you to please resolve my issue as soon as poss... please Please help !!!!!

Third class application. Rubbish application. Didn't play video properly. Video showing blarr. And consume lot of mobile data. I turn on Data saver mode but it's not working. Very bad experience.

You get a mix of emotions, hard work, entertainment, motivation, smartness, fun, positive learning experience. Overall it’s a cool ambient event that makes your mind fresh and full of energy. Thanks to Josh Talks organizers for their great efforts in bringing the change in the society.



App Name: Moj Lite
Review: Every time I try to send video to my contacts an advertisement appears then I close that advertisement with its close button the video is closed and I can't share that video to my contacts or status Very irritating please do something with this issue or else I will have to remove the app from my mobile

It should be 1.5 as It was good but now it is showing excess of adds even in between the video. It is forcing me to see the video even I am not able to see the video properly. It doesn't a want the seeing of download and not in interested seething in the bottom

Useless app. Not able to show videos related to the language that we have chosen already in the settings. Forcefully showing all Hindi videos only. Moj(sharechat) try to do a genuine business. Don't sell your idiotic language here.



App Name: Tasty Planet Lite
Review: Very nice game very inferences game nice gameplay attractive game gameplay of➡ the same thing as well as a child support💪 off the top of my life is so cute and➕ I don't know what you think you are my favorite things that make you

Can you make it to a head more more like blobs for your girl like for you can have like a girl girl boy, can you bake update because I love games that have updates.

amazing, the full game is better though and worth it so you guys should buy it ngl.



App Name: Manappuram Gold Loan OGL Lite
Review: It was a very bad experience. I have been a customer of this for 5 to 7 years. The previous staff was very cooperative. The new one is not cooperative at all. Already, I closed my accounts of approx. 7-8 lacs just because of staff behaviour. I will close the rest of them soon. Not recommended for anyone.

Had a wonderful experience with Manappuram Gold Loan. The interest rates were competitive and there were no hidden charges. My gold was kept safe and secure, giving me complete peace of mind. I highly recommend Manappuram Gold Loan to anyone seeking financial assistance.

Everything was super ,but no proper Customer response , and Office staff also not much polite,, And Very important think they are not provide digital payment like gpay phonepe etc,, they asking only cash , asking change also excite amount,, now current generation moving to digital but manapuram still there in Old culture



App Name: Omega Lite - Live Video Chat
Review: When a scamm app insists on some permisions thats a red flag, thats how i know that they are more sofisticated scammers, compared to less sofisticated ones, scamm, do not feed, report.

This is not interest app.this unlimited add coming call chat

Swipe feature doesn't work properly, it just rapidly passes by profiles. Contact us is just a bot. Received a response to tell me to update. It was a brand new install and app was up to date... You cannot contact customer service because they don't exist. Matchmaking only matches you with the same sex unless you pay to get matched with only women they you have to pay to talk to ....



App Name: Vidogram Lite
Review: it's good and reliable

It's really good I'm using it for two years and I don't have problems with it just one point that it has some problems with low connection At all it is really great

It fails to start, no matter what (armv7) device I install it on. Says 'Vidogram has stopped'. Waiting for update & to re-review or change my rating



App Name: Snake Lite - Snake Game
Review: Hi can you tell how to increase speed of snake and how to zoom in screen as I can't see anything on screen except head of snake and things that are like extremely close to snake. Please guide.

This game is good but some adds are disturbing a lot and the snakes are also working slow but we just feel very excited to play this type of this 🎮 games.. Thanks for your Worm hungry snake Lite game💗

It's such a good offline game ever but this has some ad inbetween. In offline it's not a problem but once we uninstalled the we have to start it again. so it's irritating me🫠



App Name: GPS Camera Lite For Location
Review: Best GPS camera 📷 app I have found. All GPS camera apps get addresses wrong, but at least this app is able to get the right address by moving around until it reads as correct address. And it's cheap to buy and very very customizable

It is working perfectly , even without network connection

Flash Camera is not working, why?📸



App Name: substratum lite theme engine
Review: 

App Name: OBD Smart Control - OBD2 / ELM
Review: App is OK for bits. But it's very unstable and looses connection. I have done every thing the developer told me to but still looses connection. Its only done it since the 2024 update. The developer is still trying to help me though this Update. All seems fine now been a few weeks and no problems. Back to being a great app. Well worthit if you have a mazda desiel

Most annoying: before starting a trip, the app must be started manually and almost in all cases, I have to enter the PIN code of the OBD2 dongle. Furthermore, Bluetooth 4.0 LE is not supported. It has some nice features but given the aforementioned issues, I will not use this app (until maybe a next version which has the problems resolved).

So good this app is not like the others where it doesn't crash all the time and get stuck it's an easy to use use it friendly app if they could add a few more features including engine specs in real time would be beneficial



App Name: Files Lite Small App
Review: best for file explore

Best app I've ever used

I'm really amazed how developer incorporated such a great and great number of features in this tiny app. Es file explorer is best but it's a small version of it. You can use with rooted phone. ♥♥ Download it.



App Name: Camera360 Lite -Stylish Filter
Review: Doesn't take widescreen pictures! All the pictures end up looking like square snapshots from an old film camera. The filters are fun for about 5 minutes. In the separate Gallery folder for the app you can't bulk delete pictures, you have to do them one at a time. I guess it is a fun selfie app for children but I am not impressed. It does work with the Bluetooth little remote shutter release, I guess that is worth 2 stars.

The app keep crashing since January and it ends up not saving photos taken with it most of the times. This is getting annoying. Since the last update the app isn't fun anymore. Please try fixing things. The app used to be a wonderful one for years but right now it's annoying that if it continues I may end up uninstalling it. Please fix this bug.

I don't get it.... Pictures that it's meant to save after editing.....don't usually get saved cause it keeps rotating like it is about to save the pix and it crashes most times and I have to keep trying again and again until I eventually give up. It really can be frustrating.I mean really frustrating. It's not a Four Star I can't just edit it... It's not a Four Star app.



App Name: Helakuru Lite - Keyboard Only
Review: It is great this is just the keyboard... And it would be better if this also has the keyboard layout of 'Helakuru' app.. , I mean when you type in sinhala, it shows sinhala letters in keyboard alongside the relevant english letter in original app. In this lite version, it is difficult to figure out whether it is going to type in English or Sinhala as there is no of a much visual difference in keyboard when we switch languages...

A very simple layout that doesn't require a lengthy period of getting used to before you start typing in Sinhala fluently. It's based on the English QWERTY keyboard and types out the Sinhala letters corresponding to the English sounds you make. I've got no complaints! Thanks!

When chatting using Helakuru lite app, once you finish a sentence in a chat and send it, the last word in the previous sentence  repeats at the beginning of the next sentence. This happens in both Sinhala and English typing. Issue does not happen when the last word is selected from predictions or a space is typed after it. This is a real menace in using the app so can you please fix this at the earliest? This happens when using Whatsapp and Telegram but in Viber it works fine.



App Name: BoneBox™ - Dental Lite
Review: This app is absolutely amazing. It provides exact measurements, anatomical landmarks and all perfectly. But i don't know why, from last couple of days i have been facing one big problem in this app. It's not opening. I Don't know why n how, but it's not opening. By tapping onthe icon of app, first it shows the starting intro of developers but after then it just got closed every time. Plz fiz it !

Absolutely amazing app, great for studying the permanent dentition, you can view every tooth in the jaw or view them individually and rotate them however you want. I have this on the iPad and it has even more features.

Really very nice...... I loved it... when I was studying at 1st year BDS it helped me a lot while studying the dental anatomy from different aspects... Because in books there are given diagrams but I was unable to understand anything by seeing just diagram... Keep making like this apps... GBU



App Name: Accounts Lite
Review: Good App for recording personal accounts. *** Merits: 1. Secure, Safe & Works in offline. × 2. Easily record daily personal accounts and sort transaction. × 3. Helps to summarize our overall accounts. *** Limitation found & Updation Required: 1. Amount not shown in the denomination of Paise. Currently applicable only for denominations of Rupee. Reports will not be 100% accurate. × 2. More advanced tools/settings requested in next upgrades. × 3. Add reminders on bill payments & budgeting options.

I need a good banking app and it wont let me use periods like these ..... see I can use them here but no when I want to put 5.30 in it will only allow me to put 530 like why

Good app for all. Plz update regularly. Plz add options budget method.



App Name: Solar Walk Lite Planetarium 3D
Review: On an Android phone with smart button, it's easy to navigate out of app, but to do so without shutting down the device seems difficult until you find the exit option at the bottom of the screen! The 3D graphics are stunning & the orrery is very entertaining for virtual navigation through the solar system. I'm less keen with the anaglyph option, it just distorts the graphics & makes it look very 'Eighties'. The separate stars also seem a pointless addition but the satellites are interesting...

User interface, background music, 3D graphics, animation, information and everything else is AWESOME, which make it the best educational and easy-to-use application available on Play Store for exploring space. Except there's a partially wrong information. Please notice that Pluto is no longer placed among the other planets, as it's now considered as a dwarf planet. Anyway, it's an EXCELLENT app!

great app the graphics and sound effects are remarkable, it shaped our perception about our solor system and space you enjoy exploring while learning, but on the other hand it shows many ads that interrupt your experience and you have to click on before you continue, i know this is a free version and there's the pro version doesn't shows ads, hope you will work on that in the Future, good luck.



App Name: My ShiftWork Lite
Review: Purchased the Pro version after refused to work any longer as a Free version Now, couple of months later, crashes every time I want to enter data. I am not happy.

it was good while it lasted, but why call it "FREE" when its actually a free trail it stops working and directs you to pay for it, i cant see what i will gain from downloading it again for money.

Great App, but it has stopped working properly and the upgrade isn't available in playstore



App Name: LED Blinker Notifications Lite
Review: This was a real disappointment and a waste of money. Tried the free version (on a Moto G7 Play, Android 9) and the basic functions seemed to work. I bought the paid version but one of the upgraded features that was important to me did not work. Tried the beta version with the same result. I sent an email to the developer and received a bounce back message that suggested reading the FAQ (I did that but it did not help). Sent several additional emails during the next week but received no response of any sort, which was surprising after seeing the developer's response to posted reviews-- I was expecting some degree of support but I got none. If the free version works for you and does what you need, that's great. But don't waste your money on the paid version. And based on my experience, don't expect to get any support from the developer.

Works good. BUT SICK OF IT constantly telling me to purchase the full version! Are you guys that hard up for money??? Uninstalling now! DEVELOPER... The one that started 30 minutes ago telling me to allow permission to keep on top of other app. I close notification and in 5 minutes it's back. Been doing this for 30 minutes nonstop. While trying to use other apps it pops up and blocks what I'm doing until I close it. Not fun when playing a game and lose because of this. So ....

The App has a slight bug in it when i used it in the LED light mode where it controls the actual physical LED light. It would make the LED blink as you set it up to do but after it quit blinking it would never turn off when you turn on the lock screen. Mario is working on fixing that. So I went ahead and switched over to the Screen LED mode and it works great. Just uses more battery life that way. So i am going to upgrade to the Pro version and use the Screen LED while Mario gets a fix ready.



App Name: World Cruise Story Lite
Review: Returning to this game about 3 years later with a new phone... The calibration is so off that I can't play the game. I was considering buying the full version, but since I hadn't played in so long, I wanted to use the lite first. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S8+. If you could figure out the problem and fix this, it would be appreciated. The other apps I have from this company work fine.

Used to play this game. Infact I'm pretty sure I bought the full version of this game a few years ago and back then it was good fun but it clearly hasn't been updated meaning that it's now unplayable on my s10.... might be playable if you use an older phone but otherwise on never phones with the latest updates and such, it's not playable - I couldn't even place a new cabin st the beginning of the game and struggled to create a new save on the menu, which is a shame since I did like this game...

App won't open, not rating it 1 star tho because it could just be because of my s****y phone, and no one else seems to be having this problem, it's just saying, there was an error, and closing, is there a way to fix this?



App Name: Mivi: Music & Beat Video Maker
Review: I love this app this app is cool and very easy for beginners for editing

The app is great but the notifications are a bit weird... I read one that said "you're being watched" n stuff. Like, I'll act pretty then. Some people may feel unsafe. If you dont like the notifications, just go to settings and turn off the notifications for this app. I like the app even if it's a bit weird😅

I think this is a nice app,, I kinda like it actually,,, but it's just keep loading for 30 second,, and then,,, it stopped all the time,,, I think that maybe,, my phone (ZTE Blade A5 2020) could not run this app and wanted to start an argument with me,,, "but don't worry,,, I'll forgive you,, you square little box,, maybe I'll consider to reinstall it someday,," 🤭🤭🤭 TQ,,, 🤗🤗🤗



App Name: BeeTalk Lite : Radar BeeTalk
Review: I used the previous version and it was awesome but this version is crashing non-stop and it's almost unusable. Why don't you fix it while your software is really nice and applicable

Horrible app. When I add my birthday, it take long time to press backspace buttom. Should make by typing to add date. Also I can't submit my birthday. So many bug in this app. That is why I uninstalled it.

the most frustrating app ever. can't even register account without constantly getting bombarded by at least 10 unskippable ads. horrible.



App Name: gDMSS Lite
Review: This is the most useless app ever! For something that is supposed to be about security, the cameras never load, the playback is HORRIBLE, the time displayed doesn't synch up to the current time, and basically nothing on it works! It gives you absolutely no peace of mind by being able to check in on your home/business in real time. It is NEVER ever updated or has bugs fixed. It's like whoever developed it did so, and then just completely wiped their hands of it. Avoid it as much as possible!

Works very good. Sometimes on my phone, it self close without any message, just close the application when I want to open some camera. But if I try again, then it works. Hope next update resolve this problem. In the past with other version I have same problem (self close the app) The app have a lot of function, the best is how easy is to move some camera from one phone to another one, very easy to create favorite, playback works easy, nice to organize if you have more dvr.

This app worked for me in about 1/2 hour of playing. I installed it on a Moto G3 with Android. I had to play and think a little bit, but I was able to view both my cameras right on my phone. I disconnected and reconnected multiple times to test the app. I was always able to connect. The thing I don't like is universal icons and no tool tips. Also the app screen is bigger than my phone screen so some icons are cut off. I have no doubt that some will struggle with this app. I'd love to be able to install this app on a laptop running Linux.



App Name: Emoji Keyboard Lite-Emoji
Review: This is the keyboard I've been using for years, very comfortable and has much better customisation features including keyboard height however I wish you could turn off gifa as a whole. also have a glitch where you can't remove a language so your keyboard will randomly replace and incorporate other random letters when you're clearly typing in English.

Wonderful keyboard! All others lag like crazy now. Thank you. And nice themes too! This has a better suggestion bar too. Update: Words on suggestion strip are constantly showing typos! We need a way to whipe the suggestions data or something. Programer is showing as: programme so please fix this!

It's really good.. Among other apps that I've used this is definitely one of the best, but I think it would be great if we could deactivate the spell check setting.. Cause I don't really like it when the words I type considered wrong by the app, it will automatically be underlined and I don't really like how it looks, i've tried turn off the auto correction, but it didn't work?, the underline is still there when i type the words it considers wrong



App Name: Whim Podcasts
Review: Really easy to use. I really like how it can connect your music to Google drive and can be played offline with your screen off. 10/10 would recommend. EDIT: So now when I'm listening to my music with my phone turned off it'll pause EVERYTIME I'm the middle of a track which is really annoying, so I'll either have to turn my phone on or press one of the buttons on my earbuds to continue listening which really defeats the whole purpose of this app. I will re-updated once this issue is fixed.

This is by far the best music app I have ever downloaded. I have multiple playlists on YouTube resulting in 100's of songs. Americana to ZZ/TOP. This app allows me to listen to them all at work, home, or play. It doesn't matter If the screen goes off or I am on another app. And did I mention it is also an mp3 downloader? Well it is. Combine the offline feature and it really is the total package. I will probably purchase the NO-ADS feature soon. But they really aren't too bad. Thank You!

It's not bad; I Iove the fact that you can add your mp3s from Google Drive to go offline. However, if you have 400+ mp3s like me, you have to add each one individually (no selecting all, unless I'm not seeing it clearly), and when they are synced, it may error in between switching songs. If you can fix that, and that we can swipe to the next mp3 on the playlist rather than hitting the next arrow, I think you guys would be on the way of having a perfect app.



App Name: Messages Home - Messenger SMS
Review: Absolutely awful! I got so irritated with the CONSTANT ads that I uninstalled this app not even 20mins after installing it. Every time I tried to do anything,read a message,send a message, change one of the settings, there'd be ANOTHER ADD! Even on the screen itself there's an add on the top 1/2 and an add on the bottom 1/2. Anyone saying it's "awesome "and "no problem " must absolutely love adds🤨

So far I have to say I like this app for my kids. I wanted something with second level security friend requests. This has that with their star pin ID needed along with their username to form a connection. The UI is great. This is basically what I was looking for - something fun and secure that doesn't go overboard on monitoring their conversations.

Thanks for your speedy reply to my camera query. Another area is calls. I have asked another person to install this app just to check out all the niche features that this app is offering. With regards to calls I had kept both the phones side by side and it was connected to the same Wi-Fi. Surprising to find out while one phone shows its ringing there is no call getting received on the other phone. Another point is when the phone is switched off or data is disconnected it still rings



App Name: Wang VPN Lite
Review: It's always easy to find a connection. However, the low connection speed can be annoying, especially when you're updating your mobile apps in the Google playstore. Most of the time I only read news in apps such as BBC, AP, Reuters. Wang VPN does give me a lot of help in providing access to those news apps.

Connected to Canadian server watched the ad to improve speed and ran speed test. Cut my already slow connection in half. Restarted the App and chose "smart area" server and dropped my connection speed almost to zero, honestly I've never seen such low speeds and high latency in a connection test... uninstalled. The quest for a fast free VPN continues..

Looks simple, but I hope the pre-startup interface could've been faster. The time to connect is also quite slow compared with other VPN. Anyway, thank you for your hard work Wang. 辛苦了！ Update: Connects slower, and then no more speed options....



App Name: Theme for Huawei P8 Lite
Review: 

App Name: Metronome: Tempo Lite
Review: Metronome works well but limited. The few meters is fine but can limit if you want to practice odd times. Click sounds are also limited; sometimes I find that accent counts begin to sound the same especially when playing in a triple feel time sig. So you wind up losing where the "1" is. Maybe I need more practice. Overall great and reliable app though!

This is one of the two metronome I use for drum practice. Creating set lists is extremely handy, especially when tempos for specific songs change, this feature makes it easy to transition to the new pre-loaded tempo created on the list. One feature I wish it had, would be to mute bars so you can practice developing your internal clock. I've only found one other app that does that, but that one isn't as versatile or user-friendly as this one.

I just got this app yesterday. I'm using it with a child with special needs to help him visualize the beat. I'm not sure how helpful this so is going to be for that. The full screen flash will be overwhelming and it throws me off beat so I'm wary of using it with him. The LEDs are small and the light is very subtle - not very helpful even for a typical person. It would be great if I could change the size of the LEDs; even better if the LEDs could flash and fade out with each beat. Thanks.



App Name: 107.9 LITE-FM (KXLT)
Review: I love that it's like you're really listening to the radio. But don't like that you have to keep the mobile data on. Wish you could listen offline. Be better and easier to save battery.

Use to work good. Only get notifications, don't see the Alerts anymore under alerts. Same for the other stations in your building. Uninstalled and reinstalled too.

This is a station full of lies... so "today" covers like 22+ years? Either their marketing department is garbage orrrr we're in the longest day ever... lazy asses



App Name: Screen Recorder VRecorder Lite
Review: It's Great! But it would be better if you add some editing options and filters and make it better by avoiding to record the noises around the place that we are and it would just record the video that we want on our phone not the noises of our environment and the location we are out of our phone .

👿😡👿😡👿😡 The file size is too small for a long video recorded.👿😡👿😡👿😡👿😡👿All screen recording apps I have downloaded on my phone does the same thing, even this one! How can I record a video if this app doesn't work the it supposed to be. It sometimes crashes on my phone whenever I am recording. I am giving this app one star unless this issue is fixed.

IT WAS AMAZING! I don't really Like the pop ups though it just annoys me. The app was really good but when I keep recording it still has some pop ups. Please fix that but GREAT APP! and there is no glitches at all. Guys Just try this app okay? Okay anyways please do more and good job!!



App Name: Notify Lite for Mi Band
Review: 

App Name: Sun Locator - Position Seeker
Review: I purchased the (one-time purchase of $3 or $4) ad-free version of this app many years ago. I guess the app design was purchased, and they basically copied the app into this new version, which is trying to charge a subscription for no ads. At $15 per month! Previous users should be grandfathered in to no-ad version for free... I will be finding another app to use.

I have used this app for the past 4-5 years. I've loved it so much that I've purchased the Pro version. Especially the terrain simulation has been a game changer. However, since the ownership of the app has changed hands, the quality of the app has plummeted. The best features have been removed, and the ads have become obnoxious. It costs more per week than other apps charge for a one-time purchase. Save your money, and use something like Sun Surveyor, Sun Postion, Sun Seeker, or Photopills

A great app ruined by recent addition of constant fullscreen ads. Ad-free premium version is $15 PER WEEK!?! I would pay a $15 one-time fee for lifetime access. Maybe even $15/year, though I would consider that expensive for what you get. $4.99/year seems about right. If you are able to justify $15/week based on objective criteria, I'd be very interested to have it explained to me.



App Name: King of Maths Jr - Lite
Review: Put my youngest on it, and he couldn't stop before he leveled at least once! Text is a show stopper, though, even with native (Norwegian) supported, as he cannot read. It will potentially motivate THAT too, though. Thanks.

Our 4 year old LOVES this game and powered through it in a couple of days, perfect lock down fodder and highly educational.

Overall great app. It's must to install in every parent. User interface is also attractive for childrens.



App Name: Jet Car Stunts Lite
Review: As someone who has played this game since it's release, I have no complaints. If you enjoy grinding for world records, as I do, then this game is amazing. The only thing is if you enjoy free games, then this one is perfect, but can become repetitive after only getting a total of eight tracks. No bugs or gitches, a little Easter egg to find - this game is amazing!

The unchangeable tilt controls are a major drawback. It's a shame since it seems like it would be relatively fun with normal button steering. Also, the UI needs some work. The text is too stretched and the sound is too ear piercing-almost painful to listen to.

This game is awsome. The controls and the levels are satisfying. The only problem is whenever i start the app it opens in maximum brightness. And even after i adjust my phones brightness, it although plays in max brighyness. Solve this issue.



App Name: My Robi Lite
Review: I have been using my robi lite on my Samsung Galaxy M12 for quite sometime now. My phone's Android version got updated from 11 to android 12 recently. Ever since the update, my robi lite app seems to have stopped working completely. As i tap on it to open, it crashes and system prompt shows "My robi lite app seems to have stopped working! " What should i do now? Does my robi lite app not built for Android 12 version?

It doesn't show contact name in call history... I mailed but to no avail... No update in four years. No new facilities in lite app. One star for your effort...

It looks good but you need to add some features. Firstly, we cannot see how many internet MB is remained because this app can only show how many internet MB has been used. Secondly , you should add that type of feature which allows to active and inactive internet pack. Another problem is this app cannot remember last payment account number and that is why I have to write again in again my mobile banking number in the payment section recharging



App Name: Cashier & Stock IREAP POS LITE
Review: Good and simple apps to use. My only concern is it keeps inputing a discount automatically everytime you want to make a sales, so you have to delete it each time. If you could remove this bug that would be very helpful.

Its already good, but it will be perfect if the "settings and parameters" menu can be lock with password. so there is no one can change the settings like clear all data, import data or export data except the owner can ..

its okay already except the export local function is not quite right. the format of the file is CSV but when we open the "CSV", not kind of what csv table looked like. _ _ _ _ The share report to google drive is actually what the real csv looked like except it is missing the extension ".csv" so we have to rename it manually in the google drive then download it to our phone to be able to open it like normally.



App Name: ClassicBoy Lite Games Emulator
Review: I'd give it a full 5 stars if it weren't for the lack of settings for the controls. It looks great and the emulators run at a smooth framerate no matter which one it is. The problem is no settings for the game pad itself. You can't change the sensitivity, sensors, or opacity settings for the control pad. It makes it an issue when you can use all the other directions on the D-Pad other than the right button because for some odd reason it's hard for that specific direction to pick up on your touch to move forward. Another issue is that sometimes the jump button will cut you off if you're playing a game where you have a double jump or flying mechanic for no reason. Like in S3&K I try to glide as Knuckles and it takes 3 tries because the jump button refuses to let me do that when I hold it down the second time and paired up with how finicky the right direction on the D-Pad is makes a bad combination.

Update: The August 5, 2021 update lost the saves from my current game. Dozens of hours lost. After downloading an enhanced file browser and hunting around, I was able to locate the save files. Using "Load from file" in ClassicBoy I restored them one by one until I found my current saves. Other than that the new update is okay but the analog joystick still doesn't work in Diablo. I purchased this app last year and have otherwise enjoyed it.

I gotta say it's been great. Plays all of the retro games great. I paid so that I could use the save state features etc. For me it was worth it. I stopped playing it for a while and it was super disappointing when I loaded back up to find ALL of my Sega CD game states gone. All of the other systems were fine. I even have PNG files of the thumbnails from where my states were saved, BUT no sta files to found. You shouldn't break the old app, just stop updating it instead; don't break what we buy.



App Name: PandaVPN Lite - Easy To Use
Review: Great app and works very well in China. I have been using the free version and you get one hour of VPN for watching short ads. They have many servers available in different countries, so if you watch YouTube you'll notice the adds will be from the country you are connected to! One thing though, I does drain battery quickly if you leave it on, so I recommend turning off the VPN when you are not using it. THE PANDA TEAM DO A GREAT JOB WITH THIS VPN ! 🐼

Very good app . Does what it supposed to plus you can use free till you decide to upgrade . Panda VPN is not like any other of the VPN I have tried . Don't have to give up a credit card in advance for the service like most of the VPNs . Haven't had any problems with the service. . Best VPN that I have found that doesn't bug you with alot of advertising when you are connected . Only time I have is when I connect . Research proved that it's a 1st place security company . Try it .

Most pathetic VPN app I have ever used. I bought 2 year package. For mobile, it was no hassle to get going but for laptop it wasn't smooth. Initially, the app worked fine. However after 3-4 months, the app didn't work at all despite being connected successfully. I have sent multiple emails to the help line but to no avail. It's a total waste of money and would not recommend anyone to buy this VPN.



App Name: Azan Time Lite, Qiblah,Ramadan
Review: There are some mistakes in Asmaa Allah (the names of Allah) where some of them have switced descriptions. Also, I would like to ask to be able to back up my dhikr list as well. Thank you.

I am using OnePlus 8 Pro and recently upgraded to Android 12. Since then the Azan alarm are not fully played. Instead it is half played and then stopped. Please fix it Also the count down timer before every prayer is not appearing

One of the best app in the market but what happened the satalite qibla locator? It just compass right now. It was very useful. Can we get it back? Thanks.



App Name: Mega Mall Story Lite
Review: Need help on the app ive played many of your games and love them all wanted to try Mega Mall demo i can tell id like the game but im worried about buying full Version. The Demo app is so so so slow its taking several minutes for customers to even get up the stairs and purchase items.. Other than this ive never ever had any issues with any Kairo games and it is my fave game Developer

Definitely fun to play and will buy the full game, but I would also like to play a lite version of Mega Mall Story 2 as well so I can see whether I enjoy that or not before committing money to the full game (as of this comment it doesn't have a lite version).

I love the game everything perfect.But only one problem that We cant play fully without full version pls fix that. It is 100/100 best mall game.I hope you do the full version for free . Thank you.Kindly do the needful.



App Name: Parallel Space Lite 64 Support
Review: Why am I now getting advertisements even though I paid for the perpetual ad-free edition? UPDATE: the advertisements disappear for a few hours after force stopping both the app and the 64-bit helper from the main phone settings menu.

I have been using this app without any issues, but I recently performed an android update and I am unable to use whatsapp for almost 24 hours now. I have tried uninstalling parallel space and re installing with no effect. Same error message "we cannot open whatsapp at this time, please try again later" . Please help

Do not pay for ad removal. Paid for the lifetime removal of ads and ads started showing back up. Tried click the lifetime purchase in app and the button wouldn't do anything so I reinstalled and now it wants me to purchase lifetime removal of ads again. I tried contacting the developer several times and still no answer back.



App Name: Screen Light Table Lamp Lite
Review: It's very handy and intuitive. Sometimes I want to see something in the dark but my phone's flashlight is too bright and lights up more than I want and so I can't keep things low-key with it. This lamp is a simple concept but very very useful. I like to use the orange colour cause it feels cozy as if I were holding a candle.

My bedroom lamp light has just gone out and I couldn't sleep with no light after watching a horror movie so this thing works great lights up my whole room and being able to change the colour makes it even better. The strength of the light is also just right not blinding and not too dull but somewhere in between.

Very helpful indeed. It illuminates the place till I am awake and the most amazing part is that it automatically turns off when I fall asleep.



App Name: Doom & Destiny Lite
Review: Good game its like the good final fantasy games. It has froze 4 times bow though and all i can do is close the game and start from a save point. I just did a review but it is gone so heres another. I thought it was freezing because of the ads but this last time it froze just leaving the pub in the town east of the starting castle. I hope it doesnt keep happening so often because this seems really fun.

Absolutely superb game. Balanced gameplay. Not grindy unless you WANT to. Limited, easily skipped ads. Easy to learn and get the hang of, but with enough improvements throughout the game to keep it interesting and fun. Hilarious, tongue-in-cheek but not overbearing. Especially fun for those of us who already love the genre. Only issue is when the ads occasionally don't pop up after loading screen; I was forced to reload after a couple of long fights and a LOT in the yellow temple. Save often.

The gameplay, graphics, and writing are tight. Honestly very high quality for a free game. This would be 5 stars except for the numerous freeze and crash bugs. The ads seem to happen when trying to launch ads or when a cutscene is supposed to start. Unfortunately, they often come right after boss fights before you can save. After the fourth or fifth time having to replay a tough boss it's enough to make me consider dropping this otherwise excellent game.



App Name: ShareChat Lite
Review: It's a good app very nice I shared it to everyone but when I shared everyone is saying that this app is not coming in their phone they are saying that when they search it with name it didn't came and when they tried to open this app with the link it started showing that your device is not compatible for this application I'm surely telling that if this had not happened it was good but due to this issue so many people are unable to download it So Please fix this issue so that every1 can download

Very bad experience with this lite app..when I reload photos they didn't refresh all photos which are coming on screen are old and it fells like I using a web browser so please improve it...

Worst. The pop up advertisement does not remove from the screen. I have unistall and also install for several times. Its a fraudulent app with full of bugs.



App Name: Pepi Tree
Review: I'm mot a parent or a teacher, but playing this game brings back old memories for me. Cuz back in pre-k, when a kid couldn't sleep, they'd let us play on a tablet and wait for everyone to wake up. I loved it ! But I e thing was bums me a little is the fact that the other three cost money. Either way, I give it a 11/10 !

Wow that's awesome but I want to ask a question that are all the games unlocked because we can see some games that have pictures on it and can not be opened by clicking

Pepy is the best game there is 11 games all together and four move the character games please I think they should make more make more make more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



App Name: Classic Notes Lite - Notepad
Review: This is the (almost) perfect notes app on the store in my opinion. It has many features aside ways to format the text, and is pretty formidable but I think this app needs a quality of life update now. The UI menus are old and can be pretty annoying to scroll through, but they only need simple fixes. I still recommend though, I've been using this for years now.

One of the best features of this app is the shopping list you can make and set pricing of items. You can mark each item as you obtain them and the app will keep the remaining total as well as the list total so you can see just how much you have left. Perfect for planning your spending. I used it for computer parts as a test and it helped me decide and keep track of parts I should get now and which I should hold off on.

Sure at first this app seemed great! But then as I continued using it I found that it would delete large chunks of info if you typed too close to certain time of day even if you saved it. Make sure it's not important! Edit 4 years later: still tried to hold onto this app. Now thinking it's about time to stop. This time when I was in the middle of typing up a new note it closed out of my note and not only deleted it but deleted EVERY SINGLE NOTE that I had previously made.



App Name: Flashlight Lite
Review: 

App Name: IP Cam Viewer Lite
Review: App used to be awesome. Now, the widgets apparently dont work unless you upgrade, (or its a bug with newer phones). Either way, made the app useless for me. Theres not only an ad banner, but also a constant barrage of full volume video ads that literally startle me and people within a 20 ft radius. Avoid this over-the-top ad infested app, or take your chances that the widgets work on the pro version. I'll go with something I can validate has working widgets.

Good viewer for years. I use it as a backup to tinycam, knowing that apps die in Google land with no backup course. Limited to 6 cams, so not really useful for me. I tried motion detection for 1 cam, looked great until it brought up a full screen ad and just stopped there. Yeah, really useless to have it motion detect for a couple minutes then shut everything down for a full screen ad. Guess I should just look out the window 24x7 instead?

Using this app for a few years now, and it has been pretty reliable. I replaced my router, and now I can only view my cameras via my WIFI network. I think the problem is with port forwarding, not this app. It works, and easy to set up.



App Name: Adventure Bar Story LITE
Review: Downloaded the demo and really enjoyed it, so I purchased the full version. I just used the link in the title screen of the game (maybe I'd have better luck if I bought the non-lite version?). It won't save my progress... it closed, and I tried to open where I last saved, but the file was gone. I don't have much desire to play a game I need to restart every time the app closes or I die. Cute but pointless.

It was fun if you keep following the story but once you start grinding for ingredients it gets hectic. The enemies are almost like have 60-70% encounter chance and gets annoying when you just want to grab the items 2 cm away from you and then all a sudden the battle commence. Food recipes are annoying to guess. Fighting was fun but sometimes you just want to get items than fighting.

Could be Much better! The fact that you have to choose between leveling up and selling food in a restaurant is ridiculous! The fact that the buttons change on you, depending on if you're moving around or cooking is annoying. The game itself could be much better it's unnecessarily tedious.



App Name: Toddlers Connect the Dots Lite
Review: nice work

nice work

nice work



App Name: iQuran Lite – القران الكريم
Review: This used to be a great app as I've been using it for nearly a decade. Since the recent updates the downloaded audio keeps deleting itself the next day or the day after I've downloaded it several times which is very annoying. Whilst playing the audio volume keeps going up and down which is even more annoying . and the saved bookmarks which have been saved over time's disappears too which is frustrating. Please fix this issue and let us keep everything this beautiful app that it used to be

I have been using the pro version app for years and love it however it has always had the problem of not repeating the selected ayahs but instead moving on ahead. I have uninstalled and redownloaded many time but nothing works. Also today i found a major error in translation of Surah Baqarah ayah 54( by Shakir). I have only read a few translations and i dont know if other errors are in the translation. Please fix this serious error as it is misleading and fix the repetition function. Thanks

Good app. Pls let me finish the download easily. Whenever it reaches a certain % and i have call it will stop and i have to start allover again. Let it start from where it stopped. Please this is the 5th time that it's happening. Pls i can't be wasting my data. It will download up to 74% and cancel. I will not download again until your app is serious.



App Name: iKörkort Lite
Review: So far the app has been great. Easy to understand and follow. Awesome that you get to test your knowledge at the end of the sections too 👍

Hi, I can't log in to the paid version though the app, and your website has stopped working, could please help!!

The app is so fantastic. It breaks up the load into manageable content.



App Name: Degoo Lite: 20 GB Cloud Drive
Review: Both versions of this unpredictably delete your files and give no reason or help towards recovering them. Emailed them and got nothing back. I don't understand how a storage cloud can just delete files at random. Very unprofessional and false advertising Sent 7 emails and no response

Please stop forcing users to register if I share a link for them. It was not like that before. Additionally I have displayed some random email contacts on sharing. I don't want to use them and I dont want them to be displayed. You mess up your app. I paid a lot of money for my plan and I want to be able to share the whole folder without restrictrions like I was able before

With free Swiss storage available, I don't ask why use this. Instead, I ask how to move files directly from Google's cloud to Degoo, without downloading copies of stowed files, then sending them to Degoo. If that must be, well, it must. If not, sound the alarm, shoot the gun, & strike-up the band. Should be obvious way to escape the tendrils of Google spyware. It doth appear Google prevents that scenario by refusing to let users download their own files. Instead, they let us have only copies.



App Name: Falcon Browser Lite
Review: 

App Name: Lite Music Player
Review: I like this lovely, simple, easy to use music player which works well on my old Samsung Android 4. I would have given it 5 stars, however there are two main issues. When the internet is on, the ads appear at the bottom where the music is playing, and you cannot stop, fast forward or backwards. Please try to place the ads somewhere where it doesn't interfere with the app's tasks. Secondly, there's no 'search' button, which would be very helpful to find files which I cannot easily find otherwise.

Pretty good lightweight, no bs music player. I would like a few more basic features such as an ads-free version, being able to edit the music file's metadata, a sound equaliser and a simple menu. Those would make this the best lite player for Android and I'd gladly pay for it.

I've been using lite music player for a long time and love it but I took a break for a while and now that I came back my music keeps randomly pausing on its own for no reason I've tried uninstalling and re installing I even thought it was my phones fault for a while but I can't seem to figure out why it is happening the only way it doesn't pause is if I stay in the app and watch I can't go into another app or turn my phone screen off like I usead to before without it pausing mid song



App Name: Facebook
Review: USELESS CUSTOMER SERVICE AND BROKEN DATING APP. I've been attempting to use the dating side of the app since it released. It has never worked properly for me. This is after un installing, re installing, and updating the app numerous times, and I still can't comment on profiles. It just won't work. I can send likes just fine, but those don't get noticed. There's no way to turn off "lucky pick" either so I keep getting shown people out of my range, and my options for help are very limited.

All of a sudden, I'm unable to post..the app crashes as soon as I press post. I've done everything I know to do to try to resolve the problem, to no avail. Besides that, I see more random garbage pages and ads in my feed than my friend's posts. There's no option to delete these pages, only snooze for 30 days. C'mon Facebook, please fix these issues!

Everything is changing and not for the better. Since the "Reels" came along,I've had nothing but a bad experience. I mainly use fb for videos and I usually can go back in my history if I had to leave for a sec and finish off. Now the video option is completely gone, you could get to it through the menu but now its gone. Half the reels won't load, and when an ad pops on you better pray the video doesn't mess up. If the video messes up you might see it again......someday.....maybe........HORRIBLEE



App Name: Hot Springs Story Lite
Review: I cant see the top of the screen, its covered by an ad. Theres a space at the bottom for the ad to go, but instead, its covering most of the vital parts of the game.

This game was made for older versions, an update would be great. Also if the actual game was less than $3 I would totally get it, but $6 is a lot for a mobile game. But I love the game and the graphics but an update for newer phones would be nice.

This is a very fun game i really like it i really would recomend this game if u guys like building games or design game the thing that i just hate here is when i quit the game and play again it sometimes dont save and its rlly annoying but still 5 stars thats all hope u guys enjoy it too



App Name: The House of Da Vinci 2 Lite
Review: THIS IS NOT A LITE VERSION. it is a demo. A lite version of a game is usually the full game, but with ads. Which this is not. You get to do the tutorial, and that's it. It looks like it would be good, but playing just the tutorial is not enough to be able to judge. The name needs changed from LITE, to DEMO, and an actual chapter after the tutorial should be included so people can judge properly as I never solved any real puzzles, just found a couple of keys and turned two levers. That was it.

I have been trying to navigate a game which has a magnificent graphics . I had been into games which includes this kind of content since a few years .But the graphics of this game had me fascinated a lot .I was overlooking for a game which represents as smoother graphics as PC and here I recommend you people to taste the game . I haven't began the game yet but I am absolutely certain that the game is fun.

As a demo, the option to purchase should have simply unlocked the rest of the game. Instead I had to install another, separate game and play the entire demo with forced tutorial all over again when deciding to purchase the full game. Please fix this with #3 if you decide to do a demo of #3. Also agreed, it does need renamed to Demo, not Lite.



App Name: Remember: Room Escape LITE
Review: An immersive escape game that'll hold your hand through the hard parts if you want it to. I really enjoyed being able use the computer to revisit the story I'd revealed, and the game itself making sure I didn't miss out on any details. Some parts are a bit frustrating; in games with navigation like this, I'm often lost. You're given the option to skip tasks if needed, but that's not quite satisfying! It's mostly just creepy and dark, but there are a few jump scares—well, the same one, repeated.

Great game overall! The story is great and the puzzles are very challenging. The book puzzle is ridiculously too hard for most people. Lengthening the timer to twice as long may be more doable for us with slower hands. Ending was disappointing for an "escape' game....would love to see an alternate ending if you come out with one. Great job though! I was sad it ended!

The story was great, graphics were well done, some good scares too. Some of the puzzles were a bit difficult, the physics based ones just annoying though (a series of 3 block puzzles almost made me rage quit). I reccomend buying it because the ads get really annoying during the last half of the game. It is possible to play till the end for free but its best if you just fork over the 3 bucks so you dont have to deal with the ads. Also have a pen and paper handy for the last few rooms.



App Name: PORTABLE SOCCER DX Lite
Review: There is a bug which softlocks the game. If the opposing keeper gets sent off somehow it will lead you to a screen which says "Please select a new goalkeeper" and since you can't do that for your opponent the game softlocks. Other than that, there needs to be a higher difficulty.

good !, only it needs zoom camera setting to be best old school soccer game on googleplay store. Default camera is very close, We need more pitch vision to make good gameplay. And please when second half need side change,. Ball bounce is similar to table tennis ball sound.Add a real sound-

5 stars ,but there should be more harder difficulties. Also the power system of the players isn't accurate like Messi states are not satisfying.. . Tactics in the field are super good .



App Name: Ludo Lite
Review: 

App Name: Kids Learn Shapes 2 Lite
Review: nice work

nice work

nice work



App Name: Moj Lite +
Review: The app is not opening when i uninstalled and installed it will be work for 2,3 days, and again it will happen the same. I'm doing the uninstall and install process again and again.. So, please solve the issue immediately 🙏🏽

My experience I started my videos uploading was first aap is moj lite. Iam very happy that iam using moj lite app. I really love it iam uploading my videos and I will do my best please support me sir 🙏🙏🙏... And my experience was good because I got good experience by moj aap this was the first aap for me and my experience become in excellent level because of moj thankyou moj 🙏🙏🙏 support me sir

Very poor software. Many times some features not work.Very irresponsible and evasive help and support team and system



App Name: PDF Viewer Lite - PDF Reader
Review: Nice application with described options and does not take more space in the phone. But one thing is that at the bottom of phone ads are coming one or two only. The app developer must include up and down arrows for moving the pages according to the file.

Great app, only that there's no indication of page breaks or an option for such. Also, no option to close gaps if page breaks won't be necessary. The large space at the page break point is too much. Edited: Are you interested in 5 stars or growth? I'll uninstall this App if you want to force me to rate you with 5 stars.

Just downloaded few hrs ago. But it's not able to open interactive pdf documents that are used for online filings. It's still good for pdf viewing but it was not meant for what I intended. So no star because no judgement. Sorry for that. Unfortunately for technical issues with review I have to rate so.ething but don't mind reason still remains same.



App Name: 4Fun lite - Group Voice Chat
Review: The Greedy baby game is very bad, the thing we invest money on is not invested. So how can a person in this, if you intend to return, then find a way why you keep losing in the game.

4fun is my second home where i spend more time with my virtual family members and friends, we have more entertainment options than other apps. it's a safe place for girls who wish to be in safer place😍 thanku 4fun for coming into my life and made my free time very valuable❣️ Love you 4fun❣️

It's automatically choosing arabic language yet I don't know arabic



App Name: Sweet Snap Lite: cam & editor
Review: Just a few glitches at the beginning, but after updated to the latest version, ran much more smoothly. ⚡️✨️

I'm totally fed up of this .Its over I will never install this app again...😠😠 I loved the stickers and other things but the problem is about the ads... And the second thing is it does'nt works properly 😬😬...When I open this app it takes too much time to respond sometimes the screen will stuck after sometimes I can see a message like this sweet camera lite is note responding then I just leaved it ,Again next day it repeats again .Worst app ever , I had jusy lost my control. Please clear it

This is MALWARE app that installs additional software silently..  I only wanted app that puts dog ears on people, but it also secretly installs cleaning software which cannot be turned off anyhow..  It scans my phone all the time..  Also it requires all available permissions, like to make phone calls.. As I said, they are shady and doing hidden things without my knowledge or approval..  Beware of this application!!



App Name: Parallel Space Lite－Dual App
Review: I have been using Parallel Space for a long tme now and haven't had any issues. Works smoothly and I was able tu use my accounts easily without having to sign out on just one app. However recently it started to bug out so I tried uninstalling and reinstalled. No change, so I got this lite version. It would allow sign in but after a couple of minutes it would freeze and say it's not responding so it closes. I don't know what's wrong and this is the 3rd time I had to reinstall the app.

It says "to better enjoy your experience....give these permission to the app". If I don't do it I cannot continue!! I don't want "to better enjoy" I want to "normal enjoy" the app without giving away location permissions!

not bad app but for some reason when you open media from apps like Twitter it doesn't load properly and then I can't get notifications either even though I have 64 bit support. edit: after March update for Android seems like all the clones are crashing and it's been over a month without any updates.



App Name: Microsoft Outlook Lite: Email
Review: Not a bad take on a slimmed down efficient version of Outlook. Faster and leaner. I think the developers need to take a minute to review the ethos of what it means to be a "Lite" app and what is success. I personally see no reason why SMS would be included in this app. Cramming a single app with every feature is exactly the opposite of "lite" and makes me fearful of their roadmap. Also, please for the love of puppies, permanently disable the "open SMS in Outlook" pop-up after I decline.

2024: cursor jumping has still not been fixed. Different phone. It's a critical issue with this app. Jumping cursor ruins experience. I can't type emails without the cursor jumping to the beginning of the message. This happens even if the phone is set down and not held in hand. It is also the only app that has this issue. Apparently this has been an issue people have had for years without it ever being fixed.

I like the application, mostly. I'm using it for my work email which is in O365. It REFUSES to notify me of any new mail. I had to add my email to a different mail application just to get the notifications and use Outlook lite to respond. This is beyond nuts. I have notifications turned on EVERYWHERE. Other than that, it works great. I've already sent feedback to the email address listed in other reviews. I don't see where to share feedback within the app.



App Name: EC Tunnel LITE - Unlimited VPN
Review: Please it doesn't work as I was expecting it to be, when you connect, it comes although but after using it for some time it disconnect itself unless the next day before you can use it again so do something about it.All the twerks doesn't work

This is a very beautiful apps because I have been using very many times but I didn't get any problem on it, Now i have requesting everyone to use this apps don't wast your money to buying data, you just give your appreciate them by giving them 5 🌟 star

it tell long to connect, every time I try to connect it, it connect normally when I have data on mtn line, it con nect on Airtel.



App Name: GO Keyboard Lite - Many Theme
Review: Can't use Samsung word list. Also you can't update a word list. Need to have an option to either import words from Samsung list or to have the option in go keyboard. The suggested word bar is missing. Its just a black empty space. This is on a Samsung s22 ultra as well as my new Samsung S24 ultra. I was hoping thp would fix with my new phone. Didn't! Frustrating! Seems as if this developer is not being responsive!

I used to love this app, but recently it's gotten two changes/quirks. First, it no longer showes the "predictive text" at the top. I have not changed any settings it just disapeared one day. Secondly, it keeps changeing my background opacity and setting it to black. I go into the settings and it says it's still at 75 where I like it, but it doesn't fix the problem unless I put it on a different number and leave. I can then put it whereever I want it and it will work fine. Just anoying tho.

I've been using this since I first purchased a smart phone. The ads all the time are horrible, so I would purchase 1 or 2 themes I really liked for a few bucks. Recently my phone was accidentally reset. When downloading this again its now either free with a bunch of ads, or a steep monthly fee. So...I'm currently looking for a new keyboard app.



App Name: Maria Dating: Ukrainian Women
Review: I would never recommend this app. The women are rude. For example, one woman reached out to me. I asked her one simple question and she said it was none of my business and blocked me. This app is not worth wasting your time.

I want to open this app but they are not sending me my verification code 🤔😡 please i need the verification code

Scam App Fake Users



App Name: Lemo Lite
Review: Keeps tellin me i have poor wifi even tho i have great wifi and i am even using unlimited data

So good to chat with indonesia girl and they r so beautiful and good.thanks for this apps I love it lemo lite

A lot of guys mostly looking for sex on this app but otherwise its okay



App Name: Home Budget Manager Sync
Review: Worse experience ever! I had the app in my previous android and upgraded to a new brand. They asked me to buy the app again, but I was not able to restore my data. I wrote them, no one ever got back to me, and this been a month, and some changes. Out of sudden just now, this app is telling me that my trial has expired to upgrade to the full version while I had already purchased the full version already. I decided to pay again as I have numerous data that I don't want to lose again, but error msg

This would be a 5 if it had the option of showing a running balance for each account. It shows the current balance for each account, but the running balance shown after each transaction is for ALL accounts combined. This is SO not useful if you're trying to find an entry error. I paid for the upgrade (about a year ago), hoping new features would become available. They haven't.

I've been using this app for a few years. It is pretty good. It is difficult to transfer your budget and transaction history from one device to another - update 4/6/23 works well through drop box now. I like that you can set up and run recurring expenses out for a long time to see your projected balance. A little hard to get use to and setting up with expenses and bills as two different recurring transactions.



App Name: AVG Cleaner Lite
Review: First impression of the app is really good. I like the way things are broken down and explained in a more easy way to understand. I like the visual aid of the fuction (i.e: which apps are the best/worst on battery, storage, data... etc...). I did not grow up using much "modern technology" and i still don't know much so for someone like myself ; the communication aspect in the "directions" and function of this app is perfect.

My original review in 2017 was: I'm a technophobe but this app seems to do good stuff to my phone! YAY! ☺ Not earth-shatteringly useful...anyway I have recently had issues with this once excellent app but wondered if that was my phone as it was quite old; I just got a brand new phone 08/19 & the app is still stopping mid cycle. What's more worrying is that when it crashes so does my phone. I tried reinstalling to no avail, a shame as when it works it works really well! What gives, AVG?🤔

I paid for a year of premium and it's still not updated, it's still just basic.



App Name: Kiloblocks Lite
Review: 1. needs to save game data 2. when I played this a few years ago, it had this wonderful terrain spawn where you were in the woods, and it had cliffs and mountains. now it's the same old shore, flat, and flying block terrain. I absolutely would want the random terrain spawn back again. 3. overall I enjoy it, it just got a bit more boring but it's still fun to play around with.

Good game, but does not have a save feature to save your progress. As full version is a paid app but I am a fully F2P player, I don't mind just playing for fun. If possible for all types of lighting blocks, could you add more simple colours like red, blue, yellow, green, cyan, magenta, etc, & those every respective coloured blocks you have in your game can add up half slaps? That will be awesome!!!

I have loved this game for years, and I like the new update for the most part, but I really miss the randomly generated terrains. Before, I could see mountains and waterfalls and lakes and forests and now it's just... Grass... Slowly rising. And the other side is just ocean. It's kind (really) of disappointing.



App Name: Pushy LITE
Review: I like this game. I played it a long time ago on the computer and it's a game of thinking things out. There's no time limit so why the low ratings?

Pushy for Windows is great and it's worth paying for it - here it's too slow to control. What a pity...

Sadly such a bad app, I love this game dearly and really want to play it again after growing up with it but this android app is just not the way to do that.



App Name: Closed Area Lite
Review: This is exactly what im wanting..an endless drive thats not timed or limited. The graphics are good, with a sharp eye for detail and i like the quiet alone feel that you experience while in the car..it allows me to clear my mind and be in this world far away behind the wheel. I say definitely give this app a try, its definitely worth it. ❤

It really needs a steering slider then just buttons but apart from that it seems ok and for some reason as I was driving along as soon as the weird music came I got the theme tune from the shining in me head I may go ahead and buy the full game but I really hope the development team patch in a steering slider option and if it's as good as I hope it is hopefully they make a sequel or something similar UPDATE please don't abandon this game you're on to a great game here

This game is unlike anything ive ever played..theres no annoying timer, or anything that would be like just another cookie-cutter game..its just you and the car and an abandoned world to drive thru.. If you want to get away from it all, enter into this game, its genius!!!



App Name: Video Player Lite
Review: Not very good..because it stops immediately and it doesn't support all the folders in the device but it's just 4MB perfect for old devices with low memory

Automatically Rotate in Landscape mode is not available. Swipe forward and backward is not Available. Plz update add features like as MX player, but Advertise will not be add in this app. Thanks Mahesh Kumar

Video player consistently stops video progress and fails to remember where I left off.



App Name: Big Dino Fishing 3D Lite
Review: Where full version? I wanna pay and play for it, it's really boring to catch the same prehistoric creature in the same location over and over again. Please update this game.

it is a good game been playing it for close to five years and i like the fact you are trying to catch dinosaurs

I love the game. The dinos but just wish there were more dinos



App Name: Bible Offline Lite-Fast&Light
Review: This is a really good app as it has a lot of features that can keep a believer engaged. But I downloaded this app because you said it's offline and also because I didn't want any notifications popping up from time to time when I'm studying... apparently it's not. Can't seem to get the audio to play when I'm offline, unless I am online and this completely defeats the purpose why I downloaded the app. Please I'd appreciate your help if there's anything you can do about it. Thanks

It truly helps me to understand what God wants us to do each and everyday by stop and just spend some quality time with him always. He gives us so much to be thankful and all he ask is to give back to him. I really like this Holy Bible app no ads just reading and understanding the true meaning of God. Keep up the excellence work. 😊

it's an app that encourages one to read the Scriptures twice daily. The quoted Scriptures are short for meditation and the inspiration and prayers wonderful. it will be good if all can be copied and shared with others. I would love to do this God increase your ministry.



App Name: 생명의삶 Lite
Review: Looks good but is there an English version? I can't read Korean...

최하은 최정진 최일영

일정시간이 지나면 화면보호기능으로 넘어가네요, 계속 화면을 움직이거나 터치해야 해서 불편합니다, 게다가 저는 개역개정/한글이 익숙한데 공동/새번역인지 한 가지 역본만 가능한지요...



App Name: HTTP Injector Lite (SSH/Proxy)
Review: BUG!!! I'm almost like 3 years user of the original http injector back when it has no adds. But today .. the ads in original injector takes too much. Adds appear even I am not using the free server. It's annoying! So I decided to switch with this lite version that has no ads. But the app doesn't work on my device. I just downloaded this app and when I tried to open it takes too loooooooong and the whole screen of my device turn into black. I don't why but I think it is a bug!

Great app I love it. Must just make a simple change allow the options in the advanced settings such as route to proxy (root user s) to be permanent so that we do not enable it everytime when connecting. And how also to increase the time connectivity when using ssh server (private etc) and payload. It disconnects after maybe 30/45 minutes. Keep it

Fast, simple and good. I use SSH proxy service + Google DNS. it's good. on android 8.1 sometimes it doesn't reconnect automatically, but i like it and i suggest it. Everytime I switch from data to Wi-Fi or vice versa, it will disconnected and needs to reconnect again. Nexus 5X, Android 8.1



App Name: GPS Map Camera Lite
Review: Don't appreciate the app requiring ALL permissions in order to be used!!! You don't need access to the microphone to 'operate better and faster' It's an unnecessary requirement which I don't find the need for. I don't speak to my phone to take a picture. Or didn't need to record everything I say to then submit for data mining and possible fraud by taking voice samples for others to hack from an unsecured app. The other problem is the ads cover up the ability to exit from the app at the bottom.

[EDIT] 1. Two Issues of App instability and App freezing had been resolved. Thank You! 2. Why does this App always insist on running in the background almost all the time, even when not in use? So I had to put this App in the System's Deep Sleep App List. [/EDIT]. • Nice App! The comprehensive features brings a joy to play. Cool capability of live-time stamping in video capturing. If this App has a built-in media player for the captured photos & videos, that would be great. • Thank You [Premium]

Bad use of phone technologies. The Gyro is messed so the camera needs to be facing downwards to get your correct orientation. Try a landscape photo. Half of the image is covered by the template. The auto focus and self focus does not work. I usually have to take 3-6 photos and pick the least blurry photo. Avoid this app if you can



App Name: Kids Learn to Read Lite
Review: Paid for the full version of this app and didn't get it. I contacted Intellijoy ( the app creator) via the email link on this page and they promply emailed back with a link to download the full version. The full app is a different download than the lite version, and well worth the $2.99 it costs. My grandson loves the app and I have a blast working through it with him. His reading skills have improved because of it. $ 2.99 gets you the full version and it's worth it.

Got this for my 8yo who's having trouble learning to read books. We read 3x Berenstain Bears easy readers and she was getting tired and stressed. Then i downloaded this app and she's lit up, excited and even said "This makes reading fun!". Only 2 downsides: the free activities are very minimal so 10 minutes later and she's already done them all. And the background music is a bit annoying but you can't turn the sound off or you'll miss the directions.

This app is good and was able to engage my 4 year old daughter to follow along. I then bought the full version and found out the graphics and word catalog are very limited. My kid didn't want to continue after few rounds coz it's the same thing. Appreciate if you can make this more dynamic and content-rich



App Name: OLOW Lite VPN - Secure Proxy
Review: It was great initially but now it just doesn't connect! I have to reinstall and it works great for a few times and then stops conneting!

this is the worst experience so far the app work great before but now it's not working n it keeps showing connecting have deleted and installed the app but it's not working

Very nice app,with no adds and work just how I want it. But I'm giving only 4stars because the developer can still improve on its effectiveness cos I'm expecting to enjoy this app the more.



App Name: DrawExpress Diagram Lite
Review: Just started playing around with this app and so far is great and I'll probably buy the full version. My only complaint so far is I can't find a way to just "un-select" something. Like after I draw a line the line stays "selected" and I just want the selection controls to go away. Usually just clicking off the line would do it, but that tries to add another line. Not a deal breaker, just a minor UI gripe.

So far, the overall experience has been a 4-5 star rating. HOWEVER, when I tried to export my chart to Google drive, the app wanted access to EVERYTHING on my drive. Not access to for saving purposes, COMPLETE ACCESS. Meaning this app would only export if it was given allowance to see, edit, upload, download, and delete any/all Google drive files, remove people from files, see the people and emails of those I share files with, along with my photos and possible sensitive information.

The worst part about this app is the logo. Honestly, it is unthinkable that anyone could give this app a negative review. It is so cleverly designed and intuitive that any shortcomings pale in comparison to the sheer ingenuity of the design. It just works beautifully. The drawing gestures, fine-tuning capability, user interface, snapping, and countless other features make it a breeze to use. It's a prime example of common sense UX design. Even if you have OCD, this app will not disappoint.



App Name: KeyChord Lite
Review: I gave this a four stars before a developer asked me if I got paid at my job. I just wish it was free and the paid stuff was something more worthwhile. Not saying it isn't a worthwhile app. It does it's job well but their are many UI improvements possible. For example the slide down for options box is tiny. The individual options could use tidying as well. The theme and color scheme could also be improved.

I think that the transpose should be easily accessible like scroll lock rec etc for if a singer suddenly changes key I would have to stop go to transpose and change before coming back. Long journey

If is there soundfont player, that would be much awesome.



App Name: John GBA Lite
Review: I turn it down and play the game. There is a feature to enable the sound so you can turn it off and play own tunes. Save files rarely crash. If you phone is about to die or shuts off. This app does it all very much so. If there isn't a controller compatibility there should be. Turn the volume down before you save and the ad pops up. You can play controller passing multiplayer games like Monopoly or virtually any gba file.

A decently solid emulator with good functionality, but the ads hold it back greatly. Having to sit through multiple very loud video ads while just trying to adjust settings is a needless problem this emulator suffers from. A change to silent banner ads in the main menu would be a far better method. Also beware of occasional random crashes.

This app functions pretty nicely, with a number of easy-to-use features - the L and R buttons can be difficult to use in most situations, but that's the price for using a mobile emulator. The advertisements have gotten a tad bit more invasive over the years. Opening the in-game emulator settings will only work properly half the time in favor of showing another ad. There's been the rare occasion of a full-screen ad popping in during normal gameplay, as well. Good app, but disable wifi to use.



App Name: Game Dev Story Lite
Review: The not as good version of gamedev tycoon. Where this misses on the combo loop thing it nails it on the design pitching adding new ideas etc. I only start review as such because dev tycoon get reinstalled a good amount and this only with playpass free trial Peace and love

Is Not Responding...over and over. I have not been able to take even a look inside this game. I have tried it on multiple devices. Fix your game. I'd give it a big fat zero but that is not an option. Uninstalling game forever.

its good my bigfest issue is the reviews, they seem overtly/unfairly negative for the combinations. I get the logic but for combinations like High School and Life shouldve been a bit better in perspective.



App Name: Tune!It Lite
Review: Used this App all the time. Really good. But has now stopped working. Have cleared data and cache, uninstalled and reinstalled. Still not working. Will change trading if it starts working again.

Works well, intuitive interface, few permissions. Contains one tracker as per Exodus reports

Low size but work great, It has al in on tunner



App Name: Dual Space Lite-Multi Accounts
Review: Accesses your phone, contacts and microphone even though permissions is off. I opened the app and I just happened to be connected to Bluetooth in my car. All of a sudden. My phone was calling someone. It was only detectable through Bluetooth and visible on my car radio. My phone wasn't showing the phone call and there is no record on my phone of the call. I closed out of the app and the call hung up. I went back into the app and it called out again. Permissions are off. SHADY!!!!

This app is misbehaving a lot as if recent Closes on it own, delays to open and a lot more It malfunctions most time(you click on it but it takes you back to your phone interface. Very poor services Also, try and include a feature where users can post a screen record of their experience with your apps This app is really misbehaving! I wish I can send a screen record

What happen to dual space pro? The service is missing from my device? Can anyone help me with this problem please.. I used dual space for 3 years. Just recently my dual space pro is not working properly so I decided to uninstall but when I installed it again it is totally not working anymore. Every time I tried it appears on the screen that the service is missing from the device. I don't understand why this thing just suddenly happened. Please I need to hear an answer about this issues. Waiting



App Name: Video Compressor lite
Review: 

App Name: WPS Office Lite
Review: This past month before June 2022 the regular version got messed up. It would no longer keep the caps lock on for more than one word , it would not let me do voice to text for more than one or two words and the suggested words above the keypad also stopped working right. However, the Lite version still seems to work correctly. So now I use this one.

I've used this app since... 2020ish? I also pay for WPS Pro. I really like writing with this app, and I don't want to switch to a new one, but I probably will soon if, at LEAST, the problem with the page-jumping doesn't get fixed. When the word count on a doc gets between 9k & 10k, the app - while I'm typing! - forces me to jump to the middle of the document, refuses to let me type more at the bottom, forcing me to the middle again if I try. Awful. I'll change my rating if that bug gets fixed.

Best open office app around. I use it all the time, have used it for several years without a hitch. It is even usable on my phone to update spreadsheets and collaborate on documents. 6/14/2024 still using and sharing with others. For those of us who have retired from employment where office application software are ubiquitous, it is hard to adjust to being at home with no software or expensive alternatives. WPS has been very helpful with the volunteer work I now do and basic budgeting tasks



App Name: App Hider Lite
Review: I had downloaded the app since a long time and it was working fine. But afew days ago it was deleted on its own and now when I've downloaded it again all data is lost and I'm not able to retrieve it. Please someone help me out to get my data back.

This is seriously the worst app.. idk what the hell is wrong with the app. I've hid Instagram in it. Now whenever i try to open my Instagram it says OS killed your sandbox for Instagram. I deleted the application and downloaded it again but it's of no use. Such a worst app this is. Just don't download it. If i could I would've given it a rating in minus. Very very worst application. DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT!!!!!

This one is way better than the original. More ads overall technically, but beside the point, this one is cleaner, less clutter, simple layout compared to the original one, and more importantly, no weird background, just a plain dark grey, as all things should be.



App Name: Materia Medica Lite
Review: CONS: I cannot actually use it since the display isn't centered in the screen especially when I change don't size, so I have to scroll it off page just to finish reading every line. And last update 2016 so no hope of update soon. PROS: Great concept, can access invoice by mm, by remedy, and lots of other ways, includes the organon. Great content.

Really good app but a shame there isn't a paid version with no ads. The ads are very loud and annoying so I would definitely pay for ad free option if it becomes available. other than the ads it's an excellent app and the best one I've used. Very user friendly and easy to navigate.

Superb app designed by Mr Manohar. My request is that when we search something in app, if any word in different words do not meet in write up, the application does not work, and search result becomes nil. It must include all other word mentioning the ommitted word. Second problem is that if search result have lot of medicine, it shows only few medicine.



App Name: Exploration Lite Craft
Review: Great Minecraft alternative! However constantly getting an ad if I open up chests, inventory, etc (Or staying in them too long). I also think there should be a way to combine the same items. I have multiple stacks of 1, 5, 20 items and I can't combine them to get 26 in total. I love the old graphics, and the magic skills you can get. I also love the idea of the portals. But if those things were fixed I would rate 5 stars.

i miss the old exploration lite. no stupid objectives, just a free roam game with endless possibilities, cool villages... now it has lost its charm completely. i miss the ability to fly. the need to get food and whatever else really annoys me, i just wanted to go back to my childhood and build stuff, not worry bout objectives and dumb side quests. also the game looks visually worse.

A copy of Minecraft yet still awesome with some of its own new elements. Some problems tho. There needs to be a way to delete items from your inventory anytime without having to sell them in the shop. Needs more animals and have meat drop from every animal, not just have a chance to drop it. The Gems are also a bit tough to get for free and way too easy to spend. Needs a "recipies" option to see what things can be crafted and how.



App Name: Badoo Lite - The Dating App
Review: This sux I can't open my messages. The other one keeps saying internal error, i thought it was the phone, even when I changed phones still the same thing.

This application is a scam. When I didn't have a premium subscription, I received 4 likes in the first week. However, after purchasing a one-week premium subscription, I didn't receive any likes. Now that my premium has expired, I'm getting likes again, but I can't see them. This application is worse than gambling and should be banned from the Play Store.

yeah it is nice but the problem is that I can't even check who likes me cause of the tokens or what



App Name: Emoji Keyboard Lite
Review: I really love this app. It's the only one I have used for years. Since the last update not all of my suggestions appear while typing in some apps. Also I noticed that the keyboard ogled is bigger with the ad bar on top. It takes up so much room I have to scroll up to be able to see what I am typing. It never did that before either. Please fix and put it back the way it was. I will still use this app, it's better than all the others I have tried.

This app was very good but now it became so bad due to not able to control setting in this app as I turned auto corrections function off and it still working , so I take a lot of effort and time to notice mistakes and correct them and I don't know if this problem exists in other settings or not . trouble issue guys.

It's a good app. Beautiful keyboard themes. But frequently, the app crashes down and as I click to open the keyboard, a notification pop up saying that the app has stopped. please try to fix that cause I can't type when this happens.



App Name: Vegas Pool Sharks Lite
Review: Lots of fun to play, and it helps kill the time.

The game score only goes up to 4 no complete game.

1990's graphics. No thanks.



App Name: Intelbras ISIC Lite
Review: Works very well

This App so nice! thanks.

Nice update. It'd be great to have a "material you" themeable icon, as most apps nowadays have.



App Name: MiChat Lite-Chat, Make Friends
Review: Many fake accounts, not good, please update with verification ID card, so we know someone use fake account or not, thanks,

Have been using it for the past 3 years.... it's very good..but the Ads sometimes is annoying

Fun apps to discover people nearby without any charges. It's unlimited chat



App Name: FlyPods Lite
Review: Just bought the buds and used the app to update the firmware. The app itself is basically user manual and firmware update tool, nothing else. The buds, so far are ok, nothing to write home about, only big one flaw mentioned befor is latency (delay) when playing games on your phone. It is quite noticable, if I would have to guess around 0.5 sec, which is a lot. I haven't tested them with other devices such as laptops, TVs, tablets etc. With android device, they are alright for calls.

Sound quality was decent, but audio lag in movie sometimes, when playing games the audio lag more worst. Please update the earphone for a better connection, or maybe create a gaming mode which turn off all features for better faster lag free connection. I have a old Sony Bluetooth 3.0 which lag free, so I believe honor can do better.

Only good for updating firmware. Provided info about earphones is useful too, but there is nothing else. Not even show the current earphones firmware name, no battery level, no settings - nothing. Really disappointing.



App Name: Aloha Browser Lite - Fast VPN
Review: My original review had 5 stars, but since the recent june 2021 update, the overall look of this app has taken a huge step backwards. All the bookmarks I had saved on speed dial are now in another menu, speed dial only shows a few of them and you have to go into a second menu and scroll to find the one you want, there isn't even a search option and no way to undo this change either. There's also no ad blocker, which is crazy for a modern browser. I've switched to vivaldi.

Needs work. 👍🏻 Its not as reliable as it used to be -- I use the VPN to watch European and American movies on my Netflix account (I'm from 🇦🇺), but lately the VPN will often stop if I click out of the app, and also the speed of the browser in general isn't as fast or smooth as it once was. 👍🏻 When it works, Aloha is an incredible free browser+VPN, and 5/5 but for now it's 3 stars, I would go 2 stars but it deserves an extra one because I know that it has big potential and was once great.

ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE ! For monthes i was hoping you guys would fix it but its still the same, till this very day it doesn't work here in the UAE , it worked fine monthes ago, the app still keeps telling me that there is no connection while im 100% connected to the WiFi and most certainly open the VPN, same issues as always wether it's the Original or the Lite version , they both share the same issues that hasn't been fixed till now, it was so helpful and reliable for me to reach out other websites and help me with Skype calls , now it's useless ! Beyond dissaponting



App Name: Kids Learn Math Games: Count, 
Review: It isn't "Free". Its just a demo. And you can't even change settings unless you buy the full game. I found the voicing annoying, and slow. My kid wont play it. I dont blamem. Not worth $0.99 let alone $2.99 you want.

Good app, very good for visual learners!

How are you feeling today baby I hope you have any other questions please or I could do and it just can't wait to get them to get them to me and I will send you a picture 😉😉 know what you mean about it 😂😂😉 I think it just like happened I think it just like happened I think it just like happened I think it



App Name: CDisplayEx Comic Reader Lite
Review: Works great, smooth as silk, no complaints other than that the placement of ads can be obstructive when you're reading, and interrupt the flow. Even so, they are a small proce to pay for the free app, and if I wanted too I could spend the money on the full version so it's not that bad.

Why this app remained hidden from search results for me for so long, I have no idea. Plain and simple : NOTHING ELSE COMPARES. This app has just about anything you would want out of a comic reader, and then some. While the free version has ads, they are EXTREMELY INFREQUENT, with about 1 per hour in my experience, and they are easy to close without click traps. To get dark mode, you also need the paid version, but most other things are there! Fast, easy viewing, customized library, readable UI!

This is one of the best comic viewers I've used on my tablet. It's very speedy and functions perfectly. The only issue I have with it is the video ads. It's very annoying reading a comic book in silence then having a very loud video ad appear. This was a terrible design decision by the developer to get you to upgrade to the paid version. That said, I recommend installing this version of the app to make sure that it works on your device, then upgrading to the paid version. Skip this version entirely.



App Name: Lite Launcher
Review: 

App Name: Sun Surveyor Lite
Review: 10/10 Definitely Recommend. If you're trying to get access to the full version, you are an arrogant cotten-headed-ninnymuggins. How do you expect the people who developed this app to make a living? They probably have families they have to support. I can't afford the full app, but needed to know some specifics about the sunrise for a photo, and while yes, this free version has very limited functions, it did everything I needed. I WILL be upgrading to the full paid version asap. TY dev team!

I have both Lite and the Paid version and I cannot see why anyone thinks $8.00 is a lot to pay - gracious me, that is so reasonable for what you get on this app. I use it all the time for my photography and it pinpoints me to exactly where I need to be with my camera to capture both sun and moon rising and setting. This evening is full moon so thanks to this App, Brighton Pier is being shown as one of the best locations to capture the full 'Worm' moon rising at the same time the beautiful sun setting.

It does show both, Blue and Golden hours [and elevation +1★]. However most of it's features are locked, which requires the purchase of the very "OUTDATED" Jan 2020 paid version. Until there's an update I will stay with the Lite version and highly recommend others do the same... $8 is a lot, on a possible unsupported app.



App Name: Opera News Lite - Less Data
Review: It is a nice lightweight app that does not tax hardware resources, and it provides local news too. But it's a bit buggy. "News Bar" cannot really be turned off for more than a few hours as it comes back on its own unsolicited. Also i cannot "share" news stories to other apps; it gives me an Opera URL that pushes a suspicious .bin file when opened instead.

Don't use this app if you may ever want to share an article. In the share menu, Chrome isn't supported,a red flag. Sending an article to a browser (directly or via a link) results in an invalid URL. I had to jump to a browser and search for the article myself which is very inconvenient. Weird that such a simple feature is broken. Edit: -1 star for disabling copy/paste and not even supporting their own browser. This app is an embarrassment. Final edit: uninstalled, it's not worth the hassle.

I am rating it low since the app cannot provide an option to reduce the font which covers the whole screen. One cannot read the headline and headings are scrambled with text, one cannot read anything. I uninstalled then installed after some times but the problem still exist. Bye Opera News Lite



App Name: Battery Lite
Review: The best app design, easy reference to check the battery remaining power.

A simple and useful tool for battery

I think it can help, did have a few bugs**** ty



App Name: Yandex Browser Lite
Review: I was looking for a fast browser that doesn't take up to much storage space. This is perfect, just what I was looking for. Yandex Browser lite loads pages fast. It sort of like a less feature packed version of the Yandex browser (which is an amazing browser, check it out). I can't think of any drawbacks except the lack of features; but it's a lite browser. What do you expect?

Light and Fast true. Fulfills this purpose. However some concerns, I understand the app is designed to be light but dark mode is very important and standard. Also noted, the app has immediate access to device services/permission without asking. Like it can directly access files and folders without asking for permission. Yet when you go to permission settings on device, they are not turned on/allowed.Unfortunately cannot use without privacy features. Uninstalled

Yandex Browser Lite is still very fast, lightweight and light on battery use compared to most similar Chromium based Android browser apps. The only thing that is missing is better Google log in feature support sometimes Yandex Browser Lite says that Google log in password support isn't supported by Google try again in a separate browser or Google Chrome.



App Name: Al-Moazin Lite (Prayer Times)
Review: this is an good app with no distractions. However, I would like more choices in the call to prayer. My iphone app allows me to choose from a variety of beeps and ring tones which is much more preferable than having the adhan blasted in my non-Muslim work place. Also, the developer generously offered other adhan reciters but the choices are in Arabic!? That part of this app was, obviously, not intended for non-Arabic speakers such as myself. Poor form, and in need of fixing.

Although a good app, but it drains the battery and requests REPEATEDLY to allow it to work in background which drained battery even more. I don't find any reason for it to work in background for me and I should have that liberty. Being continuously reminded is really abhorrent. The compass of the previous version was useful. Why have you removed it? Newer features are definitely not better.

I have been using for many years. Unfortunately lately it has not been working properly. Late reminders for Azan, not accurate with time, even when all delay and late reminders are disabled from settings. It keeps asking me to purchase it. No benefit from purchasing it if the additional benefits are not needed. Also how will I think of purchasing an app that has issues and doesn't serve the purpose it was created for!!! I suggest that the owners of it fix these issues fhen offer for money.



App Name: Notify Lite for Smartwatches
Review: It's really pointless if you have a truly smart watch. I haven't used many of the features, and unfortunately, I paid for the PRO version and can't get a refund. What a waste of money! I'd recommend getting the free version only. Otherwise, you get double notifications, pointless buttons, apps that do nothing, etc. Worst purchase I ever made, and I got it for Google Maps, which DOESN'T EVEN COME WITH A DEFAULT VIBRATION. It errors out! Poorly made app.

I think the negative reviews are user error, honestly. This app is surprisingly fantastic. I had to use the 3rd party work around option, and after setting it up, it works on my smartwatch beautifully.

This app (Free version) is briiliant, had to use the work around (skype) to extend choice of app notifications from phone to watch but once up and running a real smartwatch game changer, can't be faulted (and I have looked for the negative aspects) so far can't find any problems running on moto g73 linked to toobur £26 smart watch absolute bargin.



App Name: Dreame Lite - Web Book Library
Review: Most of the stories are great but the fact that you have to constanly purchase coins is a bother. The app should have better exucution. And if you want someone to pay come up with a subscription that doesn't cost that much. That is not only a limited time thing, but constant. And I repeat ALWAYS THERE!!! This is the only book app that I know about that doesn't have a subcription. It really needs one to be honest💯

love the app💖💖💖💖💖!!!!! would like to be able to get more bonuses for reading. would like to be able to get Free bonuses for adding to your library and for just being a loyal reader every day. The bonus coins that you get for checking in and reading doesn't actually are the same. It says you will receive 31 bonus coins when actually you only receive 21. This happens every time you check in and read.

Hello Everyone, just to let you know that if they update, they will or might dete all your books in the library and still charge you for them, and you have to start all over again 😡. so whach out they might charge you duble ok. I hope this helps you 🙂



App Name: Drawing games
Review: It is really good for kids to understand proportionality, develop perception and imagination.. I loved it.

Draw app Fun game 😊

wow my children love this game I give this a 4 star.😂😉



App Name: Board Games Lite
Review: Good, offline app. capable AI no glitch so far. not much games pretty much boring with so few games, please add more, thanks!

zero some nerve they use your data for ads should be a crime cause id can be stolen from hackers not buying a house or a car make a big deal for a game took out

In the snakes and ladders, the AI cheater, got to the finish in about 3 moves. Rigged me thinks!



App Name: My OldBoy! Lite
Review: Amazing! Can resize the button layouts and move the screen! Perfect tool in reliving the classics with the new Flip smartphones, and really turns your phone into a game boy advance sp! The app I was using before does not have the ability to move the screen, and the default position seems to be right in the crease of the Flip. Not a problem with My OldBoy! Got the screen where it needs to and am reliving the nostalgia in the absolute best way! I'm so happy with this app, thank you! <3

Perfect. Where do I start. If you are one to use touch controls this if for you. Because if the simplicity of the gameboys controls the touch controls are not bad. The emulation is perfect with no issues. The only thing I would change is having a way to sharpen the image. It looks blurry, the only "fix" is to get their filter pack and use the lcd filter but it is only a half fix. If you use this emulator I would get my roms from gamulator it's safe. To wrap up I would highly recommend this app.

This is my favorite Gameboy emulator on Android. I plan to use this app to make music with LSDJ, and it has the cleanest audio output of any app I've tried. The app does have some poor default settings, but they can easily be changed. It can quickly find roms on your phone, but unfortunately it also displays zip files, which makes the menu a little messy. My biggest complaints would be the low res button icons, and the fact that buttons like A/B or Select/Start cannot be separated.



App Name: Let's Create! Pottery Lite
Review: What a game! I tend to look for relaxing games for my stress, and this is the kind of stuff I look for. It's pretty much free except if you pay for anything. The only thing I have to say is that the ads are short but appear frequently. And they can get annoying. I think there is a blocker for it, but it will definitely cost money. Other than that, I will recommend this app for people who have stress or anxiety. ( it does help a lot)

They definetely want you to buy the full app! The quests are fun and pretty realistic sounding based on my experience with home businesses and how customers tend to behave. Colors are nice. I enjoy the animation when "people" bid on your personal pots. I do wish you could have one or two handles without buying the full version, though it appears they have a nice selection of things if you do purchase it. If you have bought it, please reply to this so others can know if it is worth it or not.

I like this game. Haters back up. You complete orders and make different shapes of pottery. You can buy lots of colors and patterns to place on it. The longer you press while painting, the more vivid your color gets. It also plays soothing music and noises. You also get to auction it for coins. That is what you buy your colors and patterns with. When you complete your first quests, you are on your own unless you want to buy more. I just wish that there were more quests and free stuff. Thank you!



App Name: Solitaire Victory Lite
Review: I love this Solitaire game!! Lots of different solitaire versions to play. Mostly able to customize everything from game play to scoring to the deck and board backgrounds!! I say mostly because as of 3 days ago I was able to do all of the above. Then I got my new phone. I believe it is an issue with Motorola and not the game development team. This isn't the only app really worth downloading that I have had problems with since activation of my new phone.

I have been playing this app for a number of years, and loved it. That's why I put it on my phone. I had a complaint once, but it's fixed. So totally back to loving it!! I do have a request, if it's possible, would love 💕 it SO much if there was a way to make the cards just a little bigger. I'm getting older, and no matter how many pairs of glasses I get, I have just a little more trouble seeing them clearly. Thanks!!

Obtrusive fake ads from Amazon. Pop up on Google. App permissions for notifications is off. All permissions are off.



App Name: JioPOS Lite
Review: I made a payment of ₹5344 at 7:44 pm on 2nd July 2024 and the amount has been deducted from bank account but is not showing in the wallet. It was showing that within 45 minutes, either they will refund the money or it will be reflected in the wallet but nothing happened yet. I am continuously trying to contact the support team for help but found no one to help. There is no customer care number who can help me with issue.

I have submitted documents many times. But getting rejected every time. Because it is saying that to correct my Pin code. Even though I fixed my location, jio pos lite is repeatedly taking wrong pin code. Please solve this problem for me. I am facing this problem for 1 month due to which I am not able to activate my new recharge store. No one helped me even after contacting email, customer care everywhere. Please fix my problem as soon as possible.

Worst experience. This app itself is a bug. Unable to create account as POI image not at all getting uploaded. It's still rotating even after 2 hours. Do not know What's wrong with this app. It's been more than 3 months this problem arose. Jio people are sadistic, enjoying when we're struggling to create an account in this stupid app.



App Name: Internet Speed Meter Lite
Review: I still give it a positive review because I believe a problem with the recent update will be fixed. After update my phone was constantly delivering audible and vibration alerts so bad the phone was effectively unusable. Activating airplane mode stopped it. Deactivating data at least let me use the phone and text.. Experimenting I found this app was the problem . The problem is 100% repeatable even after restart. Note 9, Verizon.

Does what it is supposed to. Does not seem to measure when I stream music from 'free' services(as defined by my service provider). My favorite part is the running live speed indicator at the top of my screen. Easy to change plan start date, reset if needed, program a starting data count if I forget to change plan start date. Nice graph available as well. Works and never crashes.

UPDATE: NO REAL TIME STATUS BAR NOTIFICATION ANYMORE. DARN. I LOVED THIS APP! PIXEL 6 PRO Excellent app! Works perfectly on my Google Nexus 6. I was afraid this app might run constantly in the background and do a number on my battery but it doesn't. No permissions is also a huge bonus. It also shows how much Mobile and WiFi MB's you've used and stores the info in a graph. Nice. UPDATE: Still great on my Pixel 2 XL Thank you.



App Name: Solitaire Lite
Review: Could possibly be ok if they'd turn off the auto-dealing feature, I HATE that and they have no way to shut it off. In the meantime I set it aside in a block of auto-dealing apps to keep it away from my good games. If it doesn't get fixed and it keeps bothering me, I'll uninstall, we'll see what happens.

Annoying..too many ads..waste of my time

I chose a solitary game before that was really nice when you lose or when it had a lot of things going around and stars and squares and circles and playing pretty music they asked me to update my game I thought if I did not update it they may just take it off like they did another game I updated it and now it's a piece of garbage I just play the game and I get no stars and flowers and squares and circles with pretty music I don't remember which one it was could you please bring that one back



App Name: SatFinder Lite - TV Satellites
Review: This app was great on my iPhone, really quick and fairly accurate. I switched to galaxy note 9 and this android version is super laggy. the arc takes up to 2 seconds to respond to movement. still okay for getting a general idea of line of sight I guess

I use this when parking my RV to check if Satellite service is going to be available where I'm parked. It seems to be very reliable.

General direction but gets you in the ballpark for old app but now it is totally useless - completely off, slow response, nowhere near.



App Name: Karaoke Lite: Sing & Record
Review: This app is amazing and You don't even have to put your phone up to your mouth to sing like microphones so it was just such an amazing experience you can turn up the volume of your voice even when you're not loud It was just so amazing . You all did amazing on this app nothing wrong. Awesome it already has Already has your settings on so you don't even have to touch it And yes that's pretty much it about it but if you don't turn it up you can't hear your voice So you have a happy Thanksgiving

This app is ok. I think it is not very helpful though because it is just videos from YouTube on here. The sound quality isnt very good. You can barely here me. I like how you can record yourself but the bad part about that is you cant share them. It is helpful so I can hear how i sing with background music but the music overpowers my voice. I tried it with headphones and you could hear my voice but it had an almost static sound over it. Dont recommended this app if you want to improve your voice

Very good. Easy to record songs with karaoke tracks. It really helps to practice easily. One observation, when i am listening to my recorded song, there is no way to go back to the list of recorded songs again, on back it says to exit. I generally tilt the phone to landscape and then get the recorded list again. This should be corrected.



App Name: Aruppi Lite
Review: It's awesome. For those people whom doesn't liked the app because of the lenguage: live with it! You have no idea how many apps are in english and we (spanish speakers) have to deal with it! Appreciate the app and how many endeavour the developers put on it! For me, is awesome, I can easily read manga and watch my anime. Congrats! Keep up the great work!!! Me encanto🖤

This app is really awesome. It has animes, mangas and even ops and ends songs. Just that I don't understand Spanish at all. Wish that there was an English version of this app.

Great app i can say it again and i will say again that the app has lack of other languages and yes i know that if you want to add more languages you have to make an app from scrach but just imagine: how many people would use it if only one, only english language would be added in the app. Think about that developers. Great apl guys check it if you know spanish ❤️



App Name: Defense Zone HD Lite
Review: I really like the game but, I think it's unfair to throw so much at the player, I think it's level 8 or 9 it's just doesn't seem to be enough to chance to build your points up to build up strength to fight something like that. I know it's just want people to buy the game but if you didn't put it on there just make a little bit more fair and I'd love to play it some more. Just up the piint output to make ut feasibke past level 14

Because the upgrades are way too weak to win higher level's, but I forgot you want me to spend money! I tried again and it was worst than ever, you let me upgrade weapons and it doesn't have what it takes, I can't play this game anymore!!!!?

Its more or less fun and I did kill a few hours with this. The game is lacking a couple things. First most, and most alarming, is that there's no "target first" option. Only closest to tower, strongest or weakest. I found my towers letting things by frequently. Next, later levels are tower defense themed puzzles, as is common with TD games. Only one placement and combination of towers works. It's your job to find it. Just do a puzzle game and be dobe with it.



App Name: Music Games
Review: Very interesting game for kids. Help us how to read music.

I think it's a nice app and We study the music easily

Kindly include NIMC, Banks and other related apps please.



App Name: BUGABOO.TV Lite
Review: top from entertainment app (but quite underdogs app) such a good one run the drama series program also all run with reruns (free trial with commercial strike in anytime) but still recommend

HD quality with very little to nothing 😂

can not work😡



App Name: LITE Taxi - tanie przejazdy
Review: 

App Name: DualSpace Lite - 32Bit Support
Review: It's a relitively good app but it does have a lot of problems with apps crashing constantly and in some games it sets you back and can disrupt whatever you were doing, it's getting very frustrating. But other than those few problems, it's an awesome concept for an app, could just use a liiiiiiitle more effort in the output.

I don't like this!!! Its says 32bit support and i tried to add 32bit app but its crashing pls fix this!!!

I play an app called "gacha life" and most of the time when I go in, it kicks me out and it's so annoying :/ however the other games I play/use work! :P So unless your not using gacha life, it's an amazing and useful app recommend it lol :D



App Name: Private Browser - Beta
Review: Easy to navigate,Thank you.

BEWARE!! I tried to go on the developer's website using the link on THIS Google Play store App page? DON'T! When I used Google Chrome with all of the security features activated, it always leads to a Spam/Deceptive/Scam ridden website. "YOUR PHONE IS INFECTED" Type. They must think where idiotsl! Right out of the gate... Lies and deceptive advertising. I don't know people, I'm not buying any of there apps and Google should be ashamed of themselves for knowingly allowing it. SMH!

Dont use! Someone got into my phone because my internet connection went down, and actually, I cant explain it, but Spectrum fixed my phone!



App Name: Classic Dino Cadillacs Lite
Review: Found the game mostly after 17 yrs. Wonderful game. But if you can fix 3 problems I.e 1. Fix the size of buttons on screen while playing full screen they are way too big. 2. While switching the screens for some work between the game, while returning to the game in full screenmode, screen goes blank & have to start entire game from the beginning. 3. Add power flying kick button for Mustapha. If solved I'll upgrade to 5 stars.

As soon as you download it. The joystick and the B button is so huge that it's covering the entire screen and cannot press any other button. Can't press the start option or coin button to start the game or do anything. Terrible experience!! Was so happy to show old friends about the game.

It suffers from the fact that you're playing on your phone. Other than that, it's cool. But the major problem with this is I can't store it on my SD card. That's why it's only 2 stars. If this doesn't change with an update, I'll drop it to one star. Nothing else can be done to change my mind on this.



App Name: Auto Clicker Lite
Review: Does what I wanted. I can program a sequence of clicks on the screen with timed delays and this is extremely helpful for certain games that require repetitive tasks. A few feature requests before i change to 5 stars: 1) it should show the current loop # 2) the current step should be highlighted a different color and then a 3rd color when click occurs briefly 3) the duration of current step should be made visible for longer delay steps. Otherwise easy to use and works well!

An ad on opening and beyond that an easy to use auto clicker with slight customization capability, namely where to click and how long to wait from click A till click B. One request I'd like is have a click point setting for rapid click to save on click points, rather than having like 200 in the same spot just to allow a couple elsewhere. But fantastic app quite happy with it!

Very useful for multiple applications, I initially installed it to open chests in coin master but have found it useful for other operations as well. After trying out a couple other brands to serve the same purpose, this is clearly superior in functionality and usability... It works well and isn't bloated and invasive like the others... I have nothing to complain about 🤷🏻‍♀️



App Name: Facemoji Emoji Keyboard Lite:D
Review: Just downloaded it, and so far I like it. It's not predicting crazy words like my default keyboard and other keyboards I've downloaded (even after I clear the user saved words, they always messed up). This one predicts your word, or at least has it in the list of words to select. The alternative fonts are nice, and the key swiping works great, which is the most important thing for me.

This keyboard is awesome. When I text etc I apparently type too fast so the words end up jumbled and crazy, totally unreadable-- I have to go back and fix every other word, takes a whole lot of aggravating time! But this app actually keeps up with me and not only that, it's incredibly smart--after only 2 days it already knows what I'm trying to say. Amazing. The predictive text and correction features work fabulously! I couldn't be happier about trying this app. And the emojis are sweet too 😁

So far this is the best keyboard app that I've ever downloaded. I would like to give 5 stars but the only problem is that sometimes whenever I try to delete so many words by clicking "select all", the delete button won't work or the word that I want to delete is just duplicated. There are times that when I type too long, the keys are like in slow motion and no letters will appear.



App Name: Solitaire Lite
Review: Hi Mike, Unfortunately your suggestion does not help. I did mention that this has been happening for days now. The calendar does not come up at all. For the last couple of days, I can't access the daily challenge. A popup says that it can't connect to server. How can this be fixed? Now games seem to be repeating very often. Sometimes the same game is back to back.

This is the best solitare game yet. I love the scoring that you can get a higher score, unlike some other solitaire games that seem to cap you off at a certain score and you cannot go any higher.

Your game is broken! The themes aren't working. They just say downloading. I can't access them. I gave it a minute but no luck. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still no luck, please help, update the game fix this issue!



App Name: ROM Toolbox Lite
Review: Took my money and doesn't even have a useable file browser to use gif to boot animation

Was pleased with this app until it was uninstalled and I h ad to reinstall. Now there seems to be no place to sign in except completing my profile. It refuses to accept either my email or phone number. Seems therebis already an account using that information. Yeah that would be my account. Morons. I guess I'll just get rid of it and try another.Bye now.

Please allow us the change the speed of the fast CPU cores as well. I only have the option to change the slow cores. I have a Snapdragon 835 which has 8 cores.



App Name: WhiteDove-Bookworm's Haven
Review: Not credible, I downloaded this because of a Facebook ad. The story was listed as completed; however, it is clearly not. There is no way to give feedback as all the links on the app go nowhere. There wasn't even an author listed for me to be able to contact. Very disappointed.

I need the bonus coins to read the story. So far there are a lot of grammatical errors and spelling errors. The story is ok, but the writing not so much. Most of these apps seem to have a lot of language errors.

Although you can only read so far until you have to either pay to read, or complete tasks for bonus points to read, the stories are excellent, and the chapters are a decent length, very impressed



App Name: Rebaixados Elite Brasil Lite
Review: I just loved everything in this game, it's functional even in my 1GB rammed phone, but I'd rather use it on my new phone to enjoy the ride, it truly is a great game to have on your phone, there should be activities to do for money actually,hope that comes out next. We also need cars like the Mahindra Xuv 500, Ford raptor and more. Overall, it's a very good game Thank you 😊

Great game but if they made it more realistic and putted lambos and buggatis it would be more better.

This game is the best but the worst thing is ads and I hate but I love it and thank and keep the good work



App Name: BIGO LIVE Lite – Live Stream
Review: When we open the app some dirty pictures appear and in Pakistan we can't use this type of pictures in front of our family or friends people hesitate to use this app please discurge this type of things .app is surely useful for international community but please we have our own culture we people dislike abusing and naked pictures thanks

Bigo working properly without any hindrance. That is absolutely right sir. Very interesting indeed

i can't login to this app, it says "network unavailable, please check" even though my internet is strong.



App Name: Mocha Ping Lite
Review: Can't running on Android 10

Worth the space it takes.

this is very bad app



App Name: Picsart Lite: Photo Editor
Review: Had been using it for years until today when i updated and discovered that the retouch/beautify feature has been removed. For me as a designer that was what stood out about Pictart, coz i could edit pictures quickly if I didn't have access to Photoshop on my computer. But with the removal of that feature i have also uninstalled coz it's now no better than the editor in Google photos.

Awsome app, I love it and im still learning how to edit pictures with this. But overall great app, I love it, but there's seem to be a problem with it. Before, I can add stickers and see them clearly when it loaded, but now when I search something, everything just went white except SOME of it. My wifi is good (maybe) and everytime I refresh, it just kept showing blank. Please fix it if it's a bug, I reaaaaaally need the stickers to edit pictures (Ik there's a way to make ur own stickers idk tho)

This is a quite useful app, I'm a begginner at editing and I find this easy to use and understand. So if you don't know which editing app to install, this is the one you should use!! 👍But the problem is that it always shows "network error occured" although the internet is great and fine. So this means I can't find the images I want online! 😔



App Name: Lite For Whatsapp
Review: good very useful app for me , help me to connected with new people, i never see like this whatsapp app,it's very helpful to still connected all time with friends and people just with number phone,before work with this lite whatsapp u need to show the youtube video to see the how u use this app ,it's easy and simple but it's very helpful and good for social media users's important application,thank u very much,it's secure

Nothing special, Giving option to put phone number what if I don't have the phone number off head, pls improve the app by making it to search phone contact and give option for previous chart if not the lite is not fast and better than the whatsapp.

I do agree with the issues raised by other scribers, need to improve the app especially on automatic scroll of contacts, viewing photos and other necessities.Thank you.



App Name: Browser Lite
Review: 

App Name: Kids Preschool Puzzles (Lite)
Review: Have to pay for the rest of the game app is pointless if not paying for other half so can play rest of games

Remember this as one of the first games I played as a little kid. Good times.

It's a very good game,my son loved n enjoyed it



App Name: Solitaire
Review: The game started out great. Just the way I like it and then some update was done and pretty much changed the whole thing! It's like a totally different game and now there are ads, albeit short, after every game. If you complete ten games, you win either a new background, card face or card background. When you win the "mystery" background, it's mysterious alright because you can't find it! Please put the game at least part way back to what it was. You had something good.

This is my new favorite Solitaire game. It works smoothly- some games I've played have been choppy. The graphics are nice without being over the top. Update April 2023: The game was recently updated, which is mostly good. However, there is an "auto background refreshed automatically" button that has a mind of its own. I started seeing my deck background picture change when I haven't told it to. I want to retain my own choice for the background. Please fix this glitch.

Updated on its own on 3/15/23. Absolutely hate the new version. Played a few games, then it froze. At least they kept my highest scores and percentage of won games. I played, and enjoyed, over 1,000 games of the previous version. But now this Solitaire looks like too many others out there. Plus, there seems to be more ads that you can't click out of too easily. Please bring back the previous version - or at least offer it as an option. I may wind up deleting this one. Grrrrr!



App Name: AppLock Lite
Review: Great little app, use a combination of this and Square Home Launcher to tie down an old phone used as a satnav. The only problem I've had is when the phone has been charged this app has sometimes stopped and you can get straight into the settings, bypassing security. EDIT 28/04/2024 - Thanks Dev for the response. I'd tried to do that but the app shows as "Battery Optimisation not available" and cannot be changed. Other apps also affected, added a star as it isn't a problem on your side. Thx.

It is too good but the fault is that when we press back button it appears itself but we have no need of this feature.

Safe, secure, protected and confidential apps



App Name: Torch Lite Small App
Review: Kinda wish you could change the strobe speed

it's very simple and helpful app. it's a good choice

Simple,useful,cute and the best app



App Name: NoteCam Lite - GPS memo camera
Review: This app is not working properly. It takes upto 2-3 minutes to get it started. And photos are also not getting save now a days.

Very bad experience it takes upto 1 minute to start and if holded not properly it would start in a 90 degree screen and photos would be absurd. The app performance in 2 gb ram phone is unbearable. It should also have a feature to import the gallery photos which were previously taken and should be able to edit it as per the saved location data in the photo.

Hi, the recent version of the app, has a bug when you access the text setting it automatically closes the app. Hoping for your swift action to fix the bug. We've been using your app in our projects for 4.5 years and we're happy about it and our team in the field. And this is the first time we've experienced this bug.



App Name: Amazfit Bip / Lite WatchFaces
Review: After a software hitch, I am really pleased with the watch faces and especially the filter to just show faces with the features you want. Be aware that if you opt for the seconds display the battery only lasts for 10 days. Most of the other faces have lifetime of around 6 weeks. And best of all is the LCD full color display which is very visible in full sunlight.

I like this app... works well. Has a lot of different watch faces. But the app needs categories too much unnecessary time scrolling to find your perfect fit for the moment. Sort by new, 12 or 24 hr, analog digital. Also wish for more simple, feminine looks and colors. More pinks and yellows..even just numbers that change colors with the hours.

I had several that I liked but 2 favorites.  One "Sliding Text" was text only and not the 24-hour clock.  Another was "Sketchy Weather".  It was lovely.  I liked being able to read my texts.  I guess I will have to hang glasses around my neck. The font is so small.  I used to be able to send custom canned texts to 6 favorite people as well. It's better, but I was very spoiled by Pebble.  I do love the price of this watch!



App Name: Avee Music Player (Lite)
Review: As a TikTok content creator, speed is crucial for me. However, I'm facing a frustrating issue with the app. Despite having a stable Wi-Fi connection, I can't watch ads to unlock features. The error message, "Ad not loaded. Please try later," keeps popping up. Even after reaching out to support, there's been no response for over a day. Quick resolution is needed for seamless video creation. An urgent fix is needed.

Okay so the app is very great but I only experienced two problems. 1.) Exporting quality seems to be a bit too terrible. If that's because it's the lite version, there comes my second problem. 2.) Can't find the premium version. All I can find is apks of the premium which might contain viruses if it's not uploaded by the devs themselves. Had a few crashes here and there but nothing too annoying and making a custom spectrum is complex but doable if you know what you're doing. Definitely would pay for the premium if I could find it. I'll send an email to the devs.

Hello development of the Avee Music Player! I've been using this app for some month and that's the only one which exists. Of course it has bugs: after finishing changing bars, images, other things and so on when I want to export the video I put Width and Height, video bitrate Mbps and SO ON, I press export. Program exports it and I go to Gallery to watch. Video is Invalid. I put 1920/1080 and after export I get 1920/1088. It takes 3-4 times for success. Happens always. Can you guys fix this? Ty!



App Name: Endless ATC Lite
Review: Broke my expectations in every way. It's not too hard to learn but it's fun and realistic. Thanks to it's simple nature and lack of a menu screen, it is ready to play the second you open it, and it saves where you were when you close it, making it a great pick for short waits that might not be more than 5 minutes. The only reason for four stars rather than five is that the game needs more and better tutorials. Had the game for 2 weeks and I'm still discovering new features!

Simple game with fairly simple controls.  Requires a bit of air traffic knowledge, but users should be able to figure them out within the first few minutes.  As you get better, your score increases, and the number of planes transiting through your airspace increases as well as the number of runways, and ramps back down if you start losing control.  Keeps the game challenging.  Not all aircraft are created equal!  Watch out for heavys and supers, as their wake turbulence will throw off smaller planes behind them if they are too close.

Wow! This is a really well done game for mobile. It's fast paced like you'd expect from the real airport. Takes a lot of multitasking to keep separation. Stressful, but fun! NOTE: Out of the box, this game isn't very beginner friendly at all. If you have little to no knowledge about air traffic control, this will be very frustrating for you. If you're genuinely interested in learning, look up some videos. Plenty of great tutorials out there.



App Name: AlpineQuest Explorer Lite
Review: Best outdoor navigation app GAIA is pretty good and has more maps available (but that doesn't mean you can use all of them offline). But Alpine is lightweight and does everything you need. Buy the pro version and you can download maps for offline use. Pro version ships with basic maps. USGS Sattelite (meh, OK), USGS Topo, and some others. You can load GPS files onto this. TIP: Check out the windows program MOBAC for generating offline maps to use with this app. Highlyrecommend! !

I used to love this App and used it in combination with a 'real' Map while hiking and it always did a great job. But.. Now I haven't used to app for a while and had to find out that many features are now behind a 'paywall' (premium) that used to be free! To bad. I won't pay for it because I don't need all the other features. I only give it 1 stars because it's greedy and disgusting behavior to hide features behind paywall that used to be 'free'.

I found this application to be the best in many aspects.but Iu willI give you 3 Star because the feature is old version you must adapte with lastest version of Android, also the problem is that it is not possible to link it with Google Or at least the possibility of exporting the information recorded on the phone. This is an issue because if the phone is damaged or lost, I won't be able to retrieve the information recorded in the application.



App Name: Lite Browser: Zordo Browser
Review: I have been using Zordo Browser Lite for a few days now and I have to say, I am not impressed. While it claims to be lightning fast, I have experienced several instances of lag while navigating through my favorite websites. Additionally, the Awesome Bar has not made searching any faster or easier than before. I also find it frustrating that I cannot customize my home screen as much as I would like. Overall, I would not recommend Zordo Browser Lite to anyone looking for a reliable and user-friendly web browser.

I have been using Zordo Browser for a few days now and I am disappointed with its performance. The browser is slow and often freezes, even with only a few tabs open. The Awesome Bar is not very intuitive and takes longer to load than other browsers. The lack of push notifications is also a downside, as I prefer to receive updates from my favorite sites. Additionally, the customization options are limited and do not offer much personalization. I would not recommend Zordo Browser to anyone looking for a reliable and user-friendly web browser.

Zordo Browser - Lite & Fast still works great the only thing that's really missing is Android dark mode and a functional download feature.



App Name: Txiicha Lite for Twitter
Review: 

App Name: Yalla Lite - Group Voice Chat
Review: I think it's a Trojan because it's using so much data, even if the phone in plane mood!!! EVEN AFTER uninstaI this app (it used 90 MB in 7 minutes!!!! , i also went to the restrictions ( no access to mic, camera, gallery (if i need I'll allow it), i thought its from my friend's moments, so i deleted all of my friends and rooms (one GB of data every day!!!).same problem 😠😠😠 They deleted my posts about it (TWICE), i just download it again to invite my friends to another APP (NOT TROJAN ) 😠.

It is good apps to learn English but it show too much problem such as error , logout etc that is why I gave only 4 star out of 5 star.

Worest app that i ever used in my life i just suggest all members don't download many data consumes and much more problems like signout slow running etc



App Name: Messenger for Messages Lite
Review: a launcher for media apps, not lite.

It works. I would have used it longer had it not sent a message saying that my messages would be moved to FB messenger, and I was forced to download the full version otherwise i I couldn't look at my messages. I like the lite version...it requires much less space. Full messenger takes up almost .5gb at one point.

This can't be opened.I tried everything: restarting the phone, clearing data, clearing cache, stopping the app but still can't be opened. The idea is great and all, but this app doesn't even afford a star.



App Name: TrueID Lite: Live TV App
Review: What the blurb doesn't explain: This is ONLY the free channels and ONLY advert supported. Not only are you subjected to the constant adverts on the "free" channels but to googles on-screen adverts too. There is no way to enter your True visions subscription into this and watch any real channels, nor is there any way to switch the menus into any language but Thai. All these channels are also available for free on other sources and without the constant adverts.

Atleast must prepare subtitle too easy for foreigner to watch and understand (2014). i did mentioned that post years ago. Cuase I've been downloading humongous of thai channel for my leisure of watching it. Ever since we've been hit those c19 for the past couple of years. More than 5 years i'd learn and master thai language and now I'm freaking put up a big smile on my face every time watch thai drama, program or news because I understand thai and speak well too. Now(2021) Kudos to me 🥰😆🥳

Repeated disturb ads after updated. Very annoyed. Already Uninstaller. Not recommend to use this app. Very ugly/unfair.



App Name: MyTelkomsel Basic
Review: Why don't you offer Usage Period/Masa Aktif? The way you do business really sucks. I bought a load/pulsa, when I checked, you ie. Telkomsel, already subtracted for YouTube and forced me to subscribe. You never learn that market is a free choice. No wonder why users now prefer XL and Smart. 😬😬😬

It was promising when the new layout was just introduced, no problem with logging in, buying credit and package. But that didn't last long. It's back to logging in (everytime) by clicking on the link sent via sms, which didn't work. I resorted to using *363#, which is far more reliable. I can't install mytelkomsel app on this phone because of the OS.

i'm taking back the three stars i gave you because i realize that i was too generous and that this app sucks beyond anything. a user has pointed out, just who in the world think it's a good thing to give different version of app for users based on their android version. this lite version is not helpful at all now. for every single time i log in, the app crashed, no option to buy credits, and more often than not error happens when i want to buy package.



App Name: Calculator Lite
Review: My favourite calculator app..I like that you can tap the answer to work with that number in a new calculation. Memory function is great too. It's perfect for basic math not for anything fancy.

No beep no sound

Not a good app



App Name: Gif live wallpaper - Lite
Review: Requires permissions to be granted to upload gif, then takes you to the app in my phone settings, but no matter what I tap or attempt to do, I'm simply unable to change any permissions at all! Bummer. The whole point I downloaded this was to allow my phone to display animated gif files on my homescreen and lock screen. Virtually useless.

This actually works and it's pretty cool, I recommend downloading because it works with battery saver on as well. If your phone has problems with battery I don't recommend you download this as live wallpapers tend to take up a lot of battery, you do need 100 coins to change your wallpaper so you'll need to watch an ad to get 120 coins to change it. But it is worth it. And for younger people there's an option for images in case they don't know how to use the default wallpaper option.

Pretty handy app, Intuitive easy to use and understand interface. Good app, I havnt seen any ads and the only problem I have is not being able to set a scrollable gif wallpaper. Id love to be able to swipe left or right to my other home screen windows and have the gif background show more details. Seeing the landscape gif on a multi window home would be a neat and great addition.



App Name: Flight - Flat Minimalist Icons
Review: I like this icon pack because the icons complement my mobile wallpaper well. My rating is 5 stars.

Amazing icons for free! Works well with Nova launcher.😁

Pretty cool, great for a minimalistic look. Good amount of icons available (and apparently there's a pro version with more icons?) Good app which explains visually all the ways to apply the icons. Will have to see what else the app has to offer, but definitely one of the best icon packs. Quite strange that there isn't an icon for Reddit though, one of the biggest things on the internet 🤔 Will check out the pro ver.



App Name: Turbo VPN Lite - VPN Proxy
Review: This is the only free vpn that dosent collect or have third parties that collect your data in a identifiable way as far as I can tell. It's not horrible in speed but it will disconnect if you use more than a certain amount of data it seems so make sure you have your phone set to always connect to it and require it. Other than that I enjoy the privacy. Thank you for being a privacy business that understands privacy. There are fewer of thoughts than one may think.

The app is very useful but the one thing that I don't like about it. Slow down internet speed and disconnect by itself many times. More it open all kind of websites very easy.

Amazing smooth and good working lite Version special thanks to team I Love it then give 5 ✨ Turbo unique of all them every one use to easily little bit ads no issues .



App Name: Kids Learn to Sort Lite
Review: advertised as a free game, play a little and then have to buy. upset my toddler

Very bad game, said it was the full game and it's not. Only 5 little games and then you have to buy. Not happy.

Labeled free but have to pay after 4 times playing to unlock the rest so it's not free!



App Name: VPN lite
Review: Very good speed & fast but sometimes it sloww

Idk , wth is this ? Why would a vpn ask for Storage Camera and others permission which is non of its bussiness , be-aware it could a spyware and never Download tgis type of Apps . I'll report this .

Really fast vpn with really lite size



App Name: Camera FV-5 Lite
Review: After believing CFV-5 was abandoned, it's great to see it back! It's well made without having a lot of settings options to wade through. A dark background for the icons would help see them if the picture is at all bright. Having the shutter release change the zoom is good: this way I can see the effect not my fingers. I like that the video switch is in a menu, not on the viewfinder where it's too easy for my big finger to hit it accidentally.

I used this app years ago, then updated my phone, can't remember which one, and it stopped working. So, I have reloaded the new version and it's working great so far. I love the intervalometer (sp?). Set to take a photo every few seconds for either a number of photos, or a set length of time. Lots of other great features. I'm happy to have it in my bag of apps again.

It seemed to work fine when I installed it 2 days ago, but now the controls are there but the viewfinder is just a black screen. Yesterday it started black, I fiddled with settings and got a picture that was half green, then without changing other settings suddenly it was fine. But today it's all black. Will try to reinstall, but don't have high hopes.



App Name: Quran Lite - Quran English
Review: A great Quran app. I have various Quaranic apps & software between my PC & Android. They all work (primarily to a degree, (my favorite Quaranic software on my PC never got the audio fixed by the developer, and it's been neglected for over a decade or two (did he wind up moving to KSA & he forgot to address the issue?!??))). But this app is really growing well on me. A must have, IMHO.

Assalamualaikum, this is a good and simple app. PROS: We can adjust text size, We can use dark background( good for long time use, because dark background causes little light to your eyes than normal white background (for normal smartphone displays like LED LCD OLED etc) White background is good if you are using an e-ink display) There is no ads distraction. We have the same app in Malayalam language HayyakAllah, May god bless the team behind this .

Excellent app, beautiful simple design, no ads, great appreciated effort and the app is really lite.. But in the last update the (symbol) for the new juz' is not correct.. because you even made it as a symbol for the fractions and sub-fractions of the juz' (rob' & hezb).. Please correct this issue.



App Name: TripView Lite
Review: App would be very useful except it requires a credit card for verification. Really? A free app? So reluctantly I tried 2 different credit cards. Both were rejected because they were the wrong "type"! Really (part 2)? A Visa and American Express? I wasn't about to try my 3rd card as it was the main one we were traveling with. Seems like a good way to harvest credit card numbers to me.

I like this app so much except one flaw that drives me nuts: every time when I switched back to TripView after using other apps while TripView staying in the background for like 3+ minutes, the results that I searched earlier gone missing. I need to type the "from station" & "to station" again to check the train arriving time and platform. Hope this can be improved.

I have always found this a very reliable and excellent app to locate trains to various stations and get real time data on timings, delays and other updates, such as weekend hours and rail works in the area.



App Name: VLC Remote Lite
Review: This app worked great, til it didn't work at all. I've tried everything I can think to connect it to my computer including running all updates and even reinstalling both VLC and the remote. I've tried pairing on multiple devices. I've tried manually pairing. Nothing. There is also NO way to talk to the makers of this app for help and support that I can find. I really do wish I could give this app 5 stars but right now it is flat out broken and totally unusable.

For some reason this, once well loved and worked without any hassle nor confusion app, malfunctioned and stopped working all together as VLC remote for the program on the compute (even if yiu are on the same exact network and have a comparable android device). Not just this ~ lite ~ version of the app doesn't worm, all the other ones stopped working all together as well!! Has this really became the very last of the good times with,once dependable and the BEST media player to use??

Useful, but: - I prefer not to install the helper and configure it manually. - The IP address is a problem, but I changed mine to static to make it work. - After some time playing it goes into some sort of sleep state, then controls stop working with the phone locked. When unlocked if you try to rewind or fast forward the video, it goes to a very earlier position where the sleep state began.



App Name: Uber Lite
Review: Easy to use, nice and user friendly interface, smooth performance and timely alerts and notifications. 100% accurate location tracking. The feature I like the most is when the cab is idle for sometimes, the app detects that and will send an notification asking if there's any need for calling emergency. Overall I'm fully satisfied with the app. ✌🏼

Very disappointing experience. Wanted a return Uber service from Metropolis Mall to back my home but couldn't get any. Had to take a taxi. I will think twice before ordering an Uber next time Again today on 03/06/2024 I had an emergency election training and wanted to reach howrah station. Even though one uner was standing near our destination it did not take the call. Very pathetic and disappointing service. Have to look for other mode instead of uber

I cannot cancel uber one, app keeps glitching showing member ship and being debited, left 0 balance to prevent this still u putting it and getting bank charges. 😡



App Name: Who Lite - Video chat now
Review: Personally I do NOT like this app. There is absolutely no way to filter besides gender. I wanted exclusively local white women but that wasn't possible. I never pay for dating apps but even if I did I wouldn't pay for this one!

This app is a pathetic joke. It takes over your browser, and the only way to fix the issue is to delete the app completely out of the device.

The worst experience ever, I purchased coins but it never went through, I'm just being asked to pay over and over again. It's a scam



App Name: Pinterest Lite
Review: I love this app, I use it because my phone just doesn't allow me to use the actual app, which I'm fine with. One issue I'm having with the current app is the fact that when I click on a video it won't load for some reason. I can tap the pause/play icon for hours and it won't load. Please fix this! Another thing; if you could choose which boards you could have in the upper tabs that would be greatly appreciated! Anyways, the app is great.

I'm glad this exists but it bugs me that I'm still getting the "Pinterest is better in the app" pop-up which I have to X out of. Um, this IS the app, it's just a lite version! I understand it's just a custom Chrome tab with a few extra bells and whistles, but still, seems like there's gotta be a way to fix it. Pinterest itself is so awesome, I forgot how much I liked it, especially compared to other social media. I don't have to see toxic content, just pretty pictures!

Pinterest is my favorite app. I like it because you can find multiple things in one place, from food to home decor.It is a great place to learn and explore. The images are mostly of high resolution, appealing to the eyes and beautifully organized. The best part part is, you can organize your collection of pictures in different boards. It never makes me feel bored and is one of the best stress relievers. I am thankful to the creators for this beautiful application.



App Name: Cameringo Lite. Filters Camera
Review: I love this app; it's a lot of fun to use and the results are pretty cool. The only way it could be better would be if you could edit existing video, in the same way that you can with existing photos, rather than having to record with the filter running. That said, for £2.99 (current price) I can live without that luxury. Download the free version and give it a try, if you love it buy the app and help the developer out.

I love this app alot i use it to take videos mostly but the problem is it has no option for intergrating music that i have in my phone to the video I'm recording please add it in the next update. I literally play music then start recording which ends up sounding bad. Please add an option where i do it right there in the aap so that it sounds smooth. Your app is definetly 5 star worthy

AWWWESOMMMMME! cool freaking effects and excellent tools. This app fills in the gaps others are missing. One second YOUR looking at taking a normal pic (yawn) then you hit one of the effect buttons and now you got a some photo art, with pride you save, show friends next thing you know they praise your creativity and you blushingly stand confident explain this took so much time and effort in experimenting separate process' over several editing apps and voila. I know your secret...from U! e-share the app



App Name: PDF Reader Lite - Ebook Reader
Review: 

App Name: Home Sweet Garfield LW Lite
Review: Uhh there's no Garfield walkpaper , but it has cool live wallpaper :) it's free and it's so nice

Seems to be missing functionality... 40+ years

I like it but every thing is money



App Name: Real Drift Car Racing Lite
Review: I can't give it a 11 so I give it a 5 Absolutely amazing as it is although I would like to see options for body customisations such as fenders, spoilers, window tints, hood, and viable engine mods like a bug stopper and air intake options. Overall amazing game I've been addicted to it sense I installed it, definitely recommend, and I'm seriously thinking about buying the full version, access to everything for only 0.99 sounds pretty good to me

Great game, very well made, great graphics, physics and all but there's one thing I can't stand at all (to the point where I deleted the game). And that is the engine sounds/sound effects. Some cars don't even sound like real cars in the game at all and some sounds don't even match the car whatsoever. For example, the supra has an i6 engine irl but in the game it sounds like a v8. So please change the sounds of the game they are horrible. All engine sounds are supper laggy too.

Game is awesome. Paid for full version, love the physics, car selection, and the fact that making money isn't a serious grind, but I've had non stop glitches. Buttons sometimes don't work, cars and tracks I've unlocked don't show up anymore, and somehow I have roughly 15 copies of my 86 in my garage. For being a paid game I'm rather disappointed in the final finish.



App Name: Chordbot Lite
Review: I've got full version, but if you compose or produce music I highly recommend this app. I don't have musical background although I have been producing for close to twenty years now, as hobbyist(I make no money), I find this as a great tool to learn scales. I have to use my ears so this app is perfect I can very quickly pick out my scale and time signature and then just go through and start picking out instruments and playing styles. I own a lot of full versions of progression, this is the best!!

Paid version didn't save songs. I made several songs with app. I made sure I saved them before closing the app and they appeared in list of saved songs. App wouldn't let me open a different song from lists, so I thought restarting app might help. When I reopened app, my saved songs were gone. I wish I hadn't spent money to gain access to a feature which doesn't even work. And I lost my songs for good. Disappointing.

THIS APP IS TRULY A GAME CHANGER!!!.... It has helped me write songs much more effectively!... I begin developing the first few bars of a song on this app, after getting the paid version... One suggestion I have is maybe adding more variations to certain instruments that don't have many(bass, organ, drums, etc.), but other than that, it's amazing! Thank you!!



App Name: G-NetTrack Lite
Review: Overall a good app for surveying. One use would be for analysing coverage and sites for 4g routers with external antennas. There are a couple of issues. First the log files are stored to a location not accessible on current android versions/samsungs so can't view on Google, only screen shots, second us telecoms engineers have cell databases but public will not, and not sure what use the Pro version gives that justifies that larger cost. That said, this is the best app around

This "lite" app is more informative than competitors app with "pro" version. The settings is very detail with helpful guide with the great responsive developers. This app implement dual sim setup the best since I can compare the data side by side in drive mode. The chart feature is my favorite for the comparison reason as well.

Nice work on this app to address network issue



App Name: Music MP3 Player Lite
Review: I'm constantly losing all my playlists and coins which in turn I have to start all over...decided this would be the last time I would try to put all my songs back on and if I lose them again and have to start from scratch again I won't waste time with this app again!!!!!!!! what's the point of using the coins to get rid of ads and ads are still played.....so stupid deleted the app will not reinstall again after losing my playlists for the 9th time!!! Make it 10 x's already.. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME

(9/16/16)I love it! You can listen to the music and watch the videos like YouTube, it's amazing and awesome!! (10/28/22) edit: while i love using mixerbox yall need to come up with new things. Like new themes because you guys had those for, im assuming, years already. Plus mixerbox has been closing itself by saying it stop working, this started after the update.

I had the mixer box since 2020. After getting this new phone and searching mixer box, the only thing that came up was "lite." The problem is I can't seem to have any variety of song play after my selected song. I use choose a song then mixer box would keep playing similar songs based on what I'm listening to. I can't seem to figure it out in the settings. It was extremely user friendly. It keeps repeating the same song for some reason. Any suggestions anyone!!



App Name: Gismeteo lite
Review: This app is MUCH worse than you other, non-"Lite" one that you had. It shows much less information on the screen at a time, leaving it mostly empty. Also, it opens an uncloseable tray notification saying "Requires for widget updating" even when no widgets are added to the home screen. Actually, I _would_ like to have a weather tray notification. The one telling the actual weather instead of that dumb fixed text... It is very puzzling why you have replaced a better app with a totally inferior one

Very accurate and reliable forecasts, only suggestion would be to have a Widget that can show weather in two cities at the same time, a dual-weather widget!

nice and simple app. But plz give the option to resize widgets since the widget is very small and also plz put notifications in this lite version.



App Name: Facebook Lite
Review: 6/2024: app gets more buggy w/each update! Captions for posts are not showing up! Also, unable to respond to stories bc keyboard covers text box & message disappears when hit done (not arrow button); can't see the text that has been typed while using keyboard. ONGOING ISSUE: Unable to save app to SD card, takes up limited space on the internal storage= no acceptable reason for not being able to relocate to an external SD!!!

This app is terrible! Too many bugs. It constantly freezes, so I have to go to my settings to clear the storage to get it back right. Then every time I type a comment, after typing the first word, it always takes me off the post and I have to go back to it and finish typing. It's been doing that for months now. I'm now uninstalling this and getting the regular fb app

I've preferred this app over the full version for years. That said there are some recent bugs that need to be addressed. The messenger tool often fails to sync with latest messages in a chat even if the icon indicates a new reply is there. Using the desktop browser version of the page on my phone works around this. Recently and more problematic, the app seems to freeze any video in the feed after 3s playback or none at all. Ads, reels, posts are all affected. I hope this is resolved ASAP



App Name: Counting Games for Kids Lite
Review: Fun game. 1-5 are free the rest you need to pay for. Not worth downloading for free.

nice work

nice work



App Name: Yono Lite SBI - Mobile Banking
Review: Been trying to log in since yesterday - haven't received the OTP even once , been two days now and 7-8 trials ... Very frustrating , previous version though not good looking atleast used to log in - please correct the issue , very annoying especially for an existing user who is used to net banking ! UPDaTE , uts been 5 years now, this problem still exists ???? It had solved itself inbetween..

Very very bad app. Unable to login after app updated in both app (yono and yono lite). After update yono it changed the customer type and show error "yono is for only individual customer". When I logged in yono lite all time show error "Invalid user or password". This happened only after being updated the app. I have been trying to login for last 2 years.

Problem with opening of e Deposit MOD I am 68 yrs old Retd SBI Staff. Fogr the past 2 months whenever I tried to open MOD eSTDR( cumulative interest and principal on maturity) the Senior citizen column automatically picked " No" and the rate of interest is showing lesser value, not incorporating additional interest for senior citizen. Also system doesn't allow me to alter the " No" manually. Interestingly the app shows correct values while opening Non MOD eSTDRs. The problem is with MOD eSTDRs



App Name: App Lock Lite
Review: I have downloaded more than 30 app lock apps and this is the best one Iam truely saying this because all are fake and with using a trick like just clearing recent apps all will not going to work But this is working and no trick is working on it I am happy that at last I found this app 😄😄cheers to the team Good job 👍👍 I have never made any ratings but this time I did. hats off to you 🥳🥳🥳🥳🤩🤩 We all should support them

Great.Light weight.ok.But some times app opens without lock..and some times app opens after few seconds app lock screen opens.Clear the issues as quick as possible.Why it constantly displays its logo in left top corner of the screen.pls enable options to remove it.Its irritating.

Developers need to solve the biggest issue of this app that anyone can uninstall it and then can access lock apps.. Please add a feature which asks for password to uninstall this app. Edit: 1 star more reduced because it doesn't work now after 1 day usage. So now I am uninstalling it!



App Name: Dual App Lite
Review: Work properly but after some time not open app

Its not working. Unable to see messages. Quickly slips away.

Too much ads



App Name: Антирадар HUD Speed
Review: it's stopped working well, GPS's turned on but shows that i have weak GPS. it hasn't happened before.

Application helps me reducing the number of fines. The paid money quantity decreased almost ten times. Average speed became higher.

A very useful and helpful app.



App Name: UT Loop Lite: Unlimited VPN
Review: This app was working just fine not until lately when it started having connection issues. I updated the app thinking that was the problem, but unfortunately, nothing has changed. You get to see that it's connecting, then all of a sudden VPN is disconnected. Will really appreciate it if this issue was fixed soon enough. Can't be updating an app that doesn't even work.

Recently the timer will just reset itself to 30 minutes for no reason at all and you cannot add time cos it keeps saying "please try again", but in all it's a great app

The app is very good and reliable. I recommend it to everyone. The only issue is that *sometimes* when you connect to one sever for a long period and it cuts, you have to wait till the next day before it connects though if you're lucky it might connect after several trys.



App Name: F18 Carrier Landing Lite
Review: Very intertaining,just wish I could have more aircraft to fly without being charged to get the experience. Also,would like the ability to actually fly information with red 2 as the mission requires. I've gotten as close as to appear in most of the replay footage but it would look way cooler to review a more tighter formation as to feel more in control and marvel at the way you look in review using skill to make that formation . Can the designers feel me on this?

It's a lovely game, the options are amazing and the graphics are high quality, but one bummer is that theres barely any selections for scenery and accessible aircraft, you should make it so each missions gives a ingame currency, and you can buy up to 5 different fighters. Instead of the whole arsenal being a ingame purchase, this would really help activity as it gives selection to the game, another thing is the maps, the island area is already amazing to me, but it would be great to have a city.

What are some of the great things about this game is being able to fly different aircraft, just for the aspect of aviation and flight. The flight characteristics in each aircraft are really well done. Having the ability to 3D panoramic view is really a great way to experience the outside of the aircraft (while in flight), and the conclusions are hilarious at times also. Keep these types of games coming because I love the fact that it has nothing to do with weapons!!!



App Name: Dungeon Village Lite
Review: Really fun, and gives a good look at what the full game is like. Honestly has more content than I expected a demo kind of game like this to have.

Should be free for full version I'm telling ya I re-play this demo Everytime and it's no exception to why it can't be full version free for all other than that enjoyed the demo and hope I get the chance to try the full version

DEMO - Not a lite game. I downloaded it thinking it was a game, but it's a very very very short demo.



App Name: Messages, Messenger SMS & CHAT
Review: I got this app because it separates my normal texts and the promotional ones. That's the only good experience I've had from it. Since they day I downloaded it, it has yet to properly show my current texts when looking at my list. I have also purchased the "Diamond Edition" to get rid of the ads, yet I still have ads. I have attempted to reach support with no answer. I hope this review will be seen by someone from support to help me out, because I spent almost $30 for the no ads edition.

Has some nice features. It takes some spinning time to catch up with itself each time I bring it up. Easy to use. No "about" to identify its version number. Doesn't pick up the dark theme being used on the system. Appreciate the developer's responsiveness to my 7/27 post. Wish u well. As of 7/31: Was unable to set up an MMS to (two recipients of) an intended message. I may try again with a future version.

l love this app but I can't see private in Box where you can hide private messages and also my contacts image should be set and seen next to the imege of the person you're texting to



App Name: Network Cell Info Lite & Wifi
Review: This is an amazing application. We live in an area, about a block from our local tower. Our signal strength has dramatically decreased significantly In the past 8 months. We can't even watch a 3 minute video without it buffering, making it take 10 minutes, so you can imagine how frustrating it is to attempt a full length movie. While we've not yet been able find the owner/administrator of said tower, your app gives us real time data which can be recorded, it shows our proxi.... continued

Absolutely love it. Been having many problems with my phone service. Was not sure if it was my phone or reception. Your app showed me I was barely getting any network signal even though I used to get good service at the same location with the same phone. At times it even drops into the red (dead) zone for no apparent reason. My download speeds are not good for LTE either. So great info to find out if you are having service problems. My only complaint is it keeps asking me to set access location.

Could be a good app. Much useful information, but it gives notifications when none are warranted or needed. Does not allow the screen to power off. Too cluttered, to focused on the app with zero customization. But the notifications were over the top, so I'll find something else. Also when I turn it off, it means I want it off, to stop running completely. It does not do this well



App Name: A-Tuner Lite
Review: Great, accurate tuner. Possibly the best on Play Store, and I have used and tried many. Will be using and testing over the next few weeks. My advice to the developer - don't fix what isn't broken. I'll be back to update. Thanks!

The only worthwhile tuner on Android. It's simple, looks good enough, and the ads are easy to block.

Although intended for instruments, this app is also great for finding your vocal key, so I'm rating it 4-stars for now. When I get familiar with it, maybe It'll change.



App Name: Kanazawa Shogi Lite (Japanese 
Review: Nice, clean, and straightforward. A 5 second ad might come up after a game is over, but that's it, plus the small bar ad that I barely notice. All in all, not bad. I've only played against the AI so far which is challenging even at low levels, but that's good. Also this is my first time learning shogi, and I'm having fun so far.

Would be better if there was an option to customise the handicap to select which pieces are missing e.g. which rook to remove from the board, then we can set our own challenges to try to beat. Would also like computer forfeiting to be an option to turn off as i like to play the whole game through to the end.

The only negative about this app is that it can actually glitch sometimes and not let you choose/click some options during your games (like promote a piece) but if you close the app and re-open it, it fixes itself and you can continue the game from where you were.



App Name: Add Watermark Lite
Review: This is a hassle free Watermark app. Most of all they don't bombard you with ads. I paid for the upgrade but it doesn't seem much different than the free. The only problem I can't make it due to lines. I have to load the picture twice to get my phone number in under my shops name. I wish y'all would fix that or let me know what I'm doing wrong.

After recent updates, I'm unable to use the function. I have to exit out, restart the phone and hope that the watermark is affixed to the items I want watermarked. I emailed to get help and was responded to quickly but the suggestions offered, I already tried and now I'm unable to respond to their suggestions and compose a new email to discuss. The app worked wonderfully prior to the updates. Next try will be uninstalling & reinstalling. Maybe that'll help.

It is very great to use since I am a graphic designer. I use it to watermark and pritect images of designs before sending it to clients to review before final approval and payment. Sad thing is that the full version is not availble in my country where you can use images as watermarks instead of text. I would like to refer it to others who wants to use images but the app is not availabe in their country. So the app gets a 4 star.



App Name: Anime Color Lite
Review: Overall, a pretty good game for anyone looking for some fantastic, detailed anime art. The only issue I have is that overall, all of their coloring apps are literally renamed versions of each other. I don't know if they put up ads in game of their own apps, but(at least two, if not all) they not only have the same format but don't even have unique art from each other, having the same pieces of art shown in them. All I can really say is why do you need four??

Great game. The only thing I don't like and this may be my opinion, but to me the color of the outfit depends on the color of their hair. Like if they have brown hair that's what the outfit will be: browns. Especially for dark brown. If they are blonde they will have light colored clothing. There isn't lot of variation between hair and outfit colors. It happens but rare. So the game can be a bit monochromatic but the graphics and images themselves are great.

1. It took so darn long to "load" the picture 2. It never actually loaded, every time it would get to the end it would say "sorry, something went wrong" 3. I tried many different times, many different pictures and NOTHING. I'll give it another try but I know it's NOT my fault. Edit: I tried giving it a chance but it takes WAY TOO LONG to load a pic, and thats if it even loads. No thanks.



App Name: PocketGrib Lite
Review: Non existent Customer Support. Have used for several year and found it useful. Recently on both my phone and tablet it started playing up Slow to download, map only partially showing and display pixelating on modest zoom. Emailed developer 8 days ago. Deafening silence. Not acceptable. Will unintall and subscribe to Windy instead.

Simple and clear depiction of grib info map. File downloads are small and fast. A couple of times on opening I couldn't tell where the map was centered or the zoom level. The Lat-Long info in the corner helped me out though.

Very good accuracy on all regions. I would like to rate it 5 stars actually but user interface is not the best. But data quality is best.



App Name: imo Lite -video calls and chat
Review: I don't know why, I'm able to login in my account, it is showing me an error- there was a problem during registration, please try again later.

While Video Call Front Camera Not Working Properly with this App, showing Black Screen, it happens only while Imo video calls, My Realme 2 Pro Phone Front Camera works fine with Other Apps Fix this Glitch !

This app is simply AWESOME! No other VoIP app comes even close to imo lite when it's about low data usage on calls and very little device storage required.



App Name: EagleEyes(Lite)
Review: UPDATE 2: App still does not connect from remote locations via IP address. Also cannot see individual channels, only multi-channel grid. App still does not provide remote access. I get "IP address not available" even though all router ports are open. Terrible app.Very unreliable. Does not find the Wi-Fi signal or the home network. I may replace my DVR with a brand that uses a better app.

After recent updates (October & December 2022), I can no longer play back recordings. The timeline playback doesn't play and trying to access the recordings by event type crashes the app every time. I can use live view but without being able to review the recordings, this app is pretty much useless for me. Maybe it's because the DVR I have is 12 years old but the app was working fine before recent updates. Very disappointing.

Used to work great.  Loved the app until the latest update.  Now that App is completely unusable.  Takes up to 5 minutes to load a camera and then shows a still image for minutes before failing.  This is happening on both of my devices with the latest app.  Don't waste your time downloading this one.  There has been no fix for it yet and my camera system is worthless unless I am in front of my computer and can directly log in to the NVR.



App Name: Shortcut Master (Lite)
Review: In old Android version it was working good. In newer version I am getting remote exception. But phone is rooted. Plz support on how to access the hidden settings via shortcut master lite

I'm desperately looking for a way to lock LTE signal in SIM 2 of my vivo v5s plus for long time, luckily, I came across about someone asking the same question in oneplus forum, then saw a reply about this app and voila! I found a way to make it work with your app. Thank you so much!

Awesome app I use it to do things I won't specify ;) but let's just say it helps lot being able to get into apn settings with it Thanks for 2 years of use! I've decided to go ahead and update my software so obv this app will no longer work. I just wanted to say thank you for making great software!



App Name: Carros Socados BR Lite
Review: Wish i could say something cxxl about the game...but i can't because it keeps on kicking me out before i even get a chance to play😥 Just a perfect waste of data.. 🚮

It's a pretty good game like playing music in car and showing speaker it's cool and I like the bike

Nice Game Add More Features Like 1 improve Game Graphic 2 Add More Car ,Bus Traffic And Many More Features



App Name: Prayer Now Lite: Azan, Qibla
Review: MashaaAllah, this is one of the best android apps related to Islamic issues. However, the change of Islamic font types and styles poses some difficulties especially for we beginners who are not that much conversant in reading Arabic scripts and various readings. I would be grateful if you would revert to the previous(old) Islamic font styles you used before the new changes you have recently adopted. May Allah bless you with much blessings aamim for this great work you have been doing.

1-Need to have adjustable alarm before each prayer. 2-also for shorok written & sound alert. 3-alert for days of fasting weekely and during month 4-found nearest mosque to your place That's all to have what I need in one application and all we have already in this application is excellent but need to add what I have written up Thanks alot for your tension

Very ...very .. very .. bad after update to the latest version ... especially i purchased it, it always crashes and auto shutdown, before it was not like that. Really i feel so bad that i purchased this apps.



App Name: Edulog Parent Portal Lite
Review: I would love to update this review to a higher rating but right now this app is not providing the basic functionality that I need from it. For the last few weeks it will not send a notification when the bus enters the area. I have checked all settings in the app and on the phone everything is turned on to allow notifications. Just today I noted that the app is logging notifications, they're just not being sent to the phone.

REVISED: After discovering it was my phone setting that prevented the notification sound, I changed my rating. It's actually a pretty good app with the exception of the hassle of having to keep setting the alert zone for each substitute bus. It actually occurs often in my area. The customer service is decent Please fix this. PREVIOUS: Oh the brilliance of having to stare at your phone for AN HOUR! WHY IS THERE NO NOTIFICATION SOUND OPTION??

This has helped a lot to track where my kids are on the bus. However, when you go through the trouble of setting up alerts, I would find it more helpful if those alerts would automatically transfer to the substitute bus number. You definitely have to pay attention to the app and bus locations - not just rely on alerts. Otherwise, this could cause some issues. And also understand that the app is typically a courtesy of the school system. If your kid misses the bus, you're still responsible.



App Name: TapTap Lite - Discover Games
Review: Look I don't want to be mean, but I see no other way of contacting y'all regarding my issue. This is the 3rd time I've been locked out of playing pokemon sleep because it requires an update and y'all don't have it on tap tap yet. Please keep up with the apps you offer, this is the only app that allowed me to download sleep on my phone.

This is the real review. This app does not allow you to login with your email it directs you to taptap mainland China. If you select forgot password they send you a temporary pin which lasts 15 minutes only thing is the PIN doesn't arrive within 15 minutes so when you get it, it doesn't work and should you try to continue copy and paste the pin the app says you've tried too many times try later. It seems bogus I think it's just built to steal email addresses.

There random pc mobile playstore x box games there so many you can plqy like dead by daylight, fortnight, pubg, free fire, stumble guy ext you need to sing up first there you can play on mobile there some pc game that never excies on the play store there you can see the stare the people give the appes you need install this app for the best games and something you can update your games if you subscription there



App Name: lite – ride here, ride now
Review: 10!!! minutes to release the scooter! The App wouldn't upload the photo and no reason for that given. Had to carry it with me until the process would be completed. Once released, while walking with it by my side, wheels would start rolling and moving around hurting myself. Hardly managed to move it on the side to park it. The fact that all this time was charged is unacceptable since it was App's problem, not stressing the wasted time and frustration.

The worst service I ever had, could not rent any of those scooters, and they took 33 cent per minute instead of 15, so while I was trying to rent it I lost 3 euro and asked to refund them back, they refunded me 5 cents (thank you very much). The map doesnot show location of scooters correct. So, I dont recommend it at all.

A lot of bad reviews here, and I'm sure many are valid, but my experience has been the total opposite. Using the app is easy, the app itself is pretty decent. The scooters work fine. The only thing I haven't done yet is talking to support because I never needed. Just make sure you follow the rules, park within the area and in an allowed space. Don't be reckless on the scooters, and will probably be fine. I have been very happy for now. I only wish the parked area in the map would be transparent



App Name: DeeGee Lite Browser
Review: 

App Name: CryptoTab Browser Lite
Review: Withdrawals get stuck in confirmed status forever. Only the first 4-6 payments will go through, to get you to invest more. After that, they get stuck in limbo, after 4 days you reconfirm the transaction and nothing happens. The exception to this is the CT Pool app. Those payments are completed right away. Very frustrating to say the least. Don't waste your money here!

I switched to a better phone and the old problems where it popped up saying maintenance issues are gone. Now the only feedback/problem I have is that the popup asking to turn on notifications never goes away. I always tell it to keep them on and I use them to turn mining back on too, but they keep popping up. Often twice in the same few minutes.

was difficult to make sure it's setup correctly and I haven't heard from support of 2 messages I have sent. not sure if I'm even profiting anyrhing. unless my time doing stuff doesn't count for anyrhing. After you get going it's not bad. I don't like having to cash out to affiliate and then cashout again into my wallet. thatd where I got messed up and had started with one email and when it went to my browser, I was logged into a different email, so I bought miners with different accounts an



App Name: My Airtel Lite - Bangladesh
Review: After last update the app won't even start anymore. It shows a message "Unfortunately, My Airtel Lite has stopped". It was a good app to use before that happened. Now it's ruining the whole Airtel experience. Fix it please. N.B. I switched to "My Airtel Lite" after encountering this exact same problem with "My Airtel" app. Now both apps have the same problem.

It is very small & very good App for airtel users. But, there are two problems. 1) When the App shows the period/last time of any package, that is false. 2) The network is very disrupting. So, request to the author to solve these problems as soon as possible.

It doesn't work any more, wasting my data to download, there were also multiple choices when buying minutes, Data which could fit in a person's choice but they were all scrapped and I no longer find a reason to have this app. Unless you solve my issues, I will change my rating



App Name: Hinow Lite - Live Video Chat
Review: Very good app. Everything is very user friendly. People on this app are also real. Response is depend on time and situation of the person to whom you are calling. Only I would like to request to the team to develop a search criteria for sorting like pointwise, age wise and gander wise in one tab. So it will very convenient to the users. Go ahead👍

I didn't send message to any 1. But almost to more than 15 girls /ladies, a hi message is delivered automatically. Now, I am receiving a lot mesaages, like they are curious to chat with me. I even didn't make a profile yet. 😄 But without getting points, rather purchasing, I am unable to reply. I am sure, as soon as I purchase points, I will not receive a single message. What a shameless attitude of the app developer to earn money. Would that I could give zero star.

Can't login using Google link. Unknown exception



App Name: 2Date Lite Dating App, Love an
Review: It looks so nice! A lot of users, most of them are very active and it is very easy to make friends. Functions are easy to understand and easy to use. Other dating apps always require users to enter too much information when register, it 's too complicated and time wasting for me, but this app with a very simple register flow. Hope that there will have more functions could be added. I am here to recommend you to download this app. Enjoy it and meet new friend on it!

I can't use two mobile phones to log in to the same account, because I often travel outside and often use different mobile phones. In order to avoid unnecessary troubles, if I log in with another mobile phone, the other phone will have to log in again. Facebook that will often fail. Very inconvenient.

Hi team, i have downloaded the app on 2018 used it for afew days but for some reason im being billed for the 3 months VIP package. Checked my Google subscription it doesnt exist. (ps, my phone is only connected via google pay only) just realised that i have been billed every 3 months since then. Please do refund me. Many thanks in advance. have also dropped an email with screenshots cheers!



App Name: Windguru Lite
Review: Goodness knows what's happened to this app, I used to use a nice old simple version but recently needed to upgrade because of Android 12 on a new phone. The whole UI just seems to be an overcomplicated unintuitive mess now. I think the developers have list their way on this one. I've now found a simple little app called Windyweek, it's brilliant, simple

I'm not sure what happened to this app, I've used it for years and then went back to it today after a 6 month hiatus. It's changed so much, and not for the better. Geolocation is not working, can't find cities /towns, the interface navigation is horrendous now. Sorry guys, I'm moving on to Windy, there's just no comparison any longer.

I am a windguru Pro user. The user experience is the same regardless of lite or pro version. It's a webView that loads forever and jumps around on a phone . You guys shouldn't be cheap and pay for someone to develop a native mobile app for you. If you don't know what that feels or looks like, see Windfinder, Windy and others. You maybe have good forecasts and live stations but the mobile app deserves -1 rating points!



App Name: Pocket Rally LITE
Review: Its okay but there is a huge thing missing. Respawns! When I was in the middle of a 20 lap race my car flipped over and it layed sideways on the wall. I waited but nothing happened. So good for short races. But terrible for long ones. So if you want to do short races, this is your best pick, but if you like long races, this game is the worst pick. That is why I give it 2 stars

Most realistic car racing game out there, and I've uninstalled many. Good diversity in courses and car characteristics. I can't get enough of it. Car to car door banging is awesome. Only problem I have is it gets too difficult to progress in the snow, so I uninstall, then reinstall, and start over. I'd like to see the later time trial times adjusted to something doable. Your asking the impossible.

Excellent game. Leveling up take skill, finesse, and patience. Good game play and graphics, and ads are brief and not intrusive. Sometimes though I go into a race and the car graphics are gone and the cars are just silhouettes, but the racing is still the same. I like the watch replay feature, but I wish I could use it on a race I didn't complete.



App Name: Lite Launcher
Review: 

